the number of international flights has grown exponentially over the past few years .
the number of open source projects has increased significantly .
the most popular states in the country for visitors
the graph shows that the number of voters for political party has been declining .
the graph shows the percentage of students who have not heard about online education .
the graph shows the average time spent on the internet by country .
most popular players in the world
line graph showing the percent change in loans
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the past years .
the most popular artist in the world
the number of vehicles imported from the world 's largest regions .
the share of the global market , the share of the global market
the urban population has increased from % to % .
the graph shows the most popular channels for the purchase of products .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by % to units in the year .
the amount of love , the most important thing
the world 's most popular airline by number of employees .
the market is dominated by the combined sales of products
the number of educated people
a bar graph showing the growth of the private sector in the years
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the graph shows the proportion of people who have changed their mind about voting in the past year .
the number of arrests for driving under the influence has increased every year .
the most popular cities and towns in the world
a chart showing the decline in the number of people working in the industry
the graph shows the share of the market
the number of vehicles sold has increased exponentially over the years .
chart showing the number of visitors to the top tourist attractions .
the number of people who have visited the site in the past month
the world 's most popular languages by number of native speakers
the number of employees has increased for the fifth year in a row .
chart of the best cars from the best years .
the number of employees has increased for the first time in years .
the share of people who have moved in the last year has increased from % to % .
line graph showing the decline in the number of people living in poverty .
the lack of stock is a major concern for consumers , with % of respondents saying they have already stocked up on products .
the number of people who have registered for a job is noticeably higher than in previous years .
the number of people who are married has increased significantly
the number of people living in the country has increased for the first time in years .
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the years .
the top companies in the world
the graph shows the share of the economy in the years .
the same chart , for the whole world .
the number of people who have been killed by police has steadily declined over the past few years .
line graph showing the number of people moving in and out of the country .
the number of users has increased exponentially , with an increase of % to ##.## .
the highest rate of return on deposits in the country
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
you 've probably heard of the word trustworthy in the media , but have you actually thought about what it means .
the number of people who have visited the website has steadily declined over time .
the number of people living in the city has increased .
the graph shows that a large percentage of travelers are not worried about the cost .
the graph shows the number of people who have been deported .
the graph shows the number of tweets per day .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by %
the same data , grouped by category .
the number of people who have been deported
a line graph showing a decline in the percentage of people using public transport .
the growth of the market
a screenshot from the website shows the most common causes of death in the country .
chart showing the average cost of travel per country
the graph shows that the number of people who have had a pet has increased significantly .
a line graph showing the number of cases per day .
the number of cars sold in the world
with its high number of visitors , country is far ahead of other countries .
the more people work , the more likely they are to be employed .
the number of cases has increased , with more than 1 million cases in the last year alone .
the majority of fans are in favor of the idea
the state with the largest number of stations
graph of the heat purchased from other sectors
the number of tweets per month
the average hourly wage in each industry
the number of cameras sold , early adopters , and innovators , as well as the number of early adopters and innovators .
the graph shows the number of times people have visited tourist attraction .
the more you spend , the more you earn ?
the growth of the internet of things
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of registered vehicles has increased significantly over the years .
a chart showing the number of formal jobs
the graph shows the percentage of purchases made via each channel
a line graph showing the increase in international visitors
a screenshot of the same data as the previous image , but grouped by industry .
the graph shows the percentage of respondents who agreed with the statement .
the most popular products in the world
the number of passengers has increased by ##.## percent .
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily increased over the past year .
the number of people using the internet has grown exponentially .
a graph of the production of cars in the provinces .
the lack of trust in foreign companies is higher than ever before .
the most popular country in the world
the most searched movie is not one of the ones we expected , but one of the ones we 've heard .
i used the data from the website to create this graph .
the number of mobile phones in the world
the number of people who have visited the website
most popular category of website in the world
the number of international tourists per country is among the highest in the world .
a graph showing the share of metals in the production of electricity
the most shared content is from olympic athlete , olympic athlete and basketball shooting guard .
a screenshot showing the ranking position of football team over the years
new data on the most popular channels has been released , with the number of subscribers on youtube now surpassing that of facebook .
the same data as the previous chart , but grouped by category .
the rise in the number of foreign visitors
a graph showing the overall sentiment of the comments
the same data as the previous chart , but grouped by category .
the number of arrests over the years .
the number of electric vehicles in the first half of this year
the market for biological therapies has grown exponentially over the past decade .
graph of the most popular cities
the number of people who have moved to a different country
the average age of followers of football teams
the number of tourists visiting country has increased by % in the first half of this year .
the same data as the previous chart , but now grouped by age .
a graph showing the growth of the private sector
the number of cars per month has steadily increased over the past decade .
the number of mobile users has steadily grown over the past year .
the most popular athletes in the world
a screenshot of the table showing the number of entries per film .
the number of customers has increased by % to customers .
the number of registered drivers has steadily declined over the past year .
the same data as the previous chart , but grouped by age .
chart showing the number of countries and regions in the world
the chart shows the overall trend of the online shopping experience among consumers .
the number of people who have moved in or out of the country has increased steadily over the past decade .
the number of visitors to each station in the province .
the graph shows that the proportion of the upper class is much higher than that of the lower classes .
the graph shows the percentage of the total number of complaints received by each sector .
the graph shows that the majority of customers are satisfied with their experience .
the majority of the customers are men
the world 's most popular countries
the number of flights per day has steadily declined over the past year .
the number of passengers has been steadily declining
the growth of the internet of things
the growth of the internet of things
the average number of times a person visited the site
the number of households with children
the chart shows the top cities for the most number of recurring customers from social media .
the belief that voting is a secret
the number of vehicles per person has increased from #### .
the most popular content on social media
the same data as the previous chart , but grouped by country .
the number of cars sold has increased for the fifth consecutive year .
the most popular brands in the world
the same data as the previous table , but grouped by a different column .
the most popular activities on the internet
the number of cars sold
the growth of the internet has been explosive .
line graph showing the percentage of people living in poverty .
the most number of citations per state .
the price of the product is the same or lower than the average price of other countries
the world 's most popular brand : the number of followers of the top brands
the most popular website in the world
the most popular burger in each country
the number of registered drivers has steadily increased over the past few years .
a line graph showing the number of paid subscribers
the number of people who have been in prison has steadily increased over the past few years .
the graph shows that % of the users have completed their purchase .
the number of people who have been arrested times .
the number of people who have moved to a new home has increased steadily over the past year .
the number of registered vehicles has been steadily increasing over the years .
the percentage of voters who have heard of the candidates has been declining .
most viewed tweet of the year
line graph showing the decline in exports .
chart showing the number of countries visited by the president .
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the years .
a graph showing the number of tweets per account
the number of registered vehicles in the country
the number of people who have been arrested
the number of flights per month
line graph showing the number of applications per month
the world 's most popular song by artist
the number of people who have left the country has increased by % .
a graph showing the growth of the company 's debt
the number of imported cars has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of passengers on public transport has increased by % .
a graph showing the number of tweets per day .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by more than ##,### .
the graph shows the trend of the adult population
the number of vehicles sold has increased exponentially over the years .
revenue from the sale of its products
the most popular country in the world
the world 's top countries by the number of international visitors
the number of airports has increased from ##,### to ##,### .
the number of international tourists visiting country has been steadily declining in recent years .
a screenshot of the data i want to get
line graph of the number of complaints
the number of households has increased significantly , especially among families with children
the number of people living in the city has increased by ##.## percent .
the world 's most popular currencies , by volume .
the number of cars sold has been steadily declining for the past few years .
the impact of events on the number of visitors
line graph showing the increase in the number of women .
the graph shows the proportion of people who have been in prison over time
the number of visitors to the site by state
the number of users who have spent more than £ ### on their phone
a chart showing the annual growth of the company 's revenue
the number of cars produced has steadily increased over the years .
no matter what flowers , as long as there is a high heeled
the most popular products to sell online are products .
a screenshot of the number of confirmed cases
the most popular website in the world
the graph of the import and export
the number of visitors to the website has increased by %
the number of people living in cities has increased steadily over the past few years .
the line graph showing the percentage of people who have used the internet in a given period of time
the number of people who have been vaccinated against disease has increased steadily .
the number of people who have used the term in the last year
a graph showing the number of cases
the number of registered vehicles has increased by more than ## percent in the past year .
number of permits issued in the construction sector
the graph showing the number of graduates in the school
the market for alcoholic beverages
the share of respondents who said they had heard about the state was highest among the states
the most popular sites in the world
the number of people using the internet for the first time
a graph showing the importance of online reviews .
the number of cars sold in the country
the world 's most trusted companies
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the share of payments made by mobile devices increased to % from % in the previous year .
the number of people living in poverty has increased for the second year in a row .
chart showing the number of deaths from opioid - related drugs in the first half of this year
the number of people who have used the internet has grown exponentially .
the number of tweets from other countries
a bar graph showing the number of passengers on the trains in and out of a city .
the number of students in the world
the growth of the online market of food
the number of people living in the city has increased from #### .
the same data as the previous graph , but now grouped by political party .
a graph showing the number of errors and the number of successful connections .
the graph shows that the percentage of people who have used a credit card has increased
most expensive profession in the world
the number of times people visit a website
the number of arrests per year
line graph showing the number of international calls
the graph shows that a large percentage of people are in favor of the idea
a line graph showing the percentage of people who have been vaccinated
the number of people who have been educated has increased by nearly ##,### .
the lack of confidence in the ability to work in distance learning has increased .
the most popular app is still video game platform , with % of users .
the number of employees in the hospitality industry
the average age of the population
line graph showing the number of cars sold
the number of visitors from other countries
chart of the top countries in the world
the graph shows that many visitors are coming from abroad .
the number of registered vehicles in the world
the number of people who have left the country has increased by %
chart showing the number of countries and territories in the world
the share of the domestic and foreign spending
data - the top websites for booking in the world
the world 's largest companies by revenue
a graph of malaria in the world
the number of tweets per day has been steadily increasing over the past year .
the number of passengers has been declining for the past few years
the number of videos uploaded to the internet , and the number of views each of them gets , is overwhelming .
country has a large share of the global market .
the number of employees has steadily increased over the past few years .
the graph shows the percentage of people who have used each type of information
a graph showing the number of accounts
the number of people who have seen the future in their lifetime has increased by % , according to a new survey .
the average number of days it took to sell a home in the area
the number of visitors to the website
the number of mobile users has steadily increased over the past year
a bar graph of the number of households in the us using natural gas .
percent of employees are in the informal sector
the number of people who have been arrested .
the number of online purchases has increased , but there are still areas for improvement
the growth in the number of people who have moved has been much faster than the number of people who have moved
the number of households is clearly much higher than the number of people living in them .
the graph shows the number of students enrolled in each of the top fields .
the number of people who have been in prison has increased steadily over the past decade .
the number of internet users has grown exponentially over the past decade .
the number of people who have used the internet in the past year has increased by % .
the number of passengers has increased by ##.## percent .
percent of the population who have heard of the brand .
the growth of the internet of things market
the number of people who have been in prison has increased steadily for the past few years .
number of licensed drivers from other countries in the world
the graph shows that the majority of visitors are on mobile devices .
the number of people employed in each occupation has increased
with a slight increase in the number of visitors , the country remains the largest market for the brand .
the number of people who have been killed by the police has increased by % .
the number of vehicles registered has increased for the fifth consecutive year .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by ##.## percent
a graph showing the number of times a domain was visited per quarter
the most expensive insurance
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the years .
the most important technologies in the future
the number of mobile users has steadily increased , reaching % of the total .
the number of people who have been granted a full grant has increased by more than a third
i have had holidays in a country
the number of people living in the country
the number of users who logged in daily , weekly , and monthly .
the number of flights per month
the number of downloads has been declining , with the majority of downloads now coming from streaming services .
survey : what kind of online communication are you using most ?
the number of registered drivers has steadily declined over the past few years .
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
time spent on the internet , graph
the number of people who have moved in the last year
the most expensive city for a family of four in the world
the graph shows the number of people living in the city .
the top stocks in the sector
the graph shows the growth of the number of registered drivers .
a graph showing the number of employees leaving the company per month .
a bar graph showing the number of accounts owned and chartered by the company .
number of connected points per team , on average .
the graph shows the most popular reasons for not traveling with the family
chart of annual salary for employees
the number of employees in the company
the graph shows the most common reasons for missing work .
the growth of the number of registered drivers has slowed
the most popular words in each language
a graph showing the number of patients in each region .
the number of registered drivers has steadily increased over the years .
the world 's leading brand is brand
with its population of over a billion , country is currently one of the largest countries in the world .
the number of cases in the country
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of customers who responded to our survey
the world 's most popular currency by country
the number of people living in the city has increased .
sports and outdoor activities are the most popular sports among users .
the average download speed of internet from all provinces and territories .
the number of people who have traveled abroad has increased significantly .
the number of international tourists visiting country has increased by % .
a screenshot of the survey
comparing the current state of affairs in the provincial elections .
time to ship a product
the graph shows the percentage of respondents who said their experience was good , very good , or excellent .
image of a table of data
the number of mobile users has increased significantly , reaching millions .
the graph shows that the percentage of people who have lost weight after using the product .
crime in the world by country
in the world , the number of deaths by country
the same data as the previous chart , but grouped by age .
the company has sold a total of vehicles in the first half of this year , which is a % increase over the same period last year .
the number of vehicles sold has steadily declined for the past few years .
the graph shows that the majority of the revenue came from services .
the growth of the travel and tourism industry
the number of people who used the internet increased by %
the graph shows the percentage of people who have been married .
a graph showing the number of heat pumps installed in the uk
the number of people who have registered for a visa has increased .
the survey found that most people believed that security was important .
chart showing the average number of hours of sleep per person per day among the world 's most sleep - deprived countries
the most popular country in the world
the number of vehicles sold has increased for the fifth consecutive year .
a line graph showing the number of jobs in the country
the number of cars on the road
the number of arrests , with an increase of ##.# per cent in the past year .
the average age of men and women
the number of people living in the city has increased by nearly ##,### .
in a line graph , the number of people who have visited a website over time is represented by the y - axis .
the number of entries by time of day
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
how to write a business plan for a spa in human language
the number of posts per country
the number of registered vehicles has been steadily increasing over the past years .
the same data as the previous chart , but grouped by city .
the world 's largest car - making countries by total number of registered cars
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years
spending on advertising in the world
most popular club in the world
the number of registered drivers has steadily declined over the past few years .
the number of people who have been in prison has increased steadily over the past years .
this is how many physicians in the area
the top companies in the world
the number of times natural disasters hit the world is much higher than the number of people affected by them .
the number of people living in poverty has increased for the fifth consecutive year
the graph shows the number of people living in the country .
the number of cross - border visitors to the website
the graph shows the sales of vehicles in the first half of this year .
graph showing the share of renewable energy in the energy mix
the pie chart shows that the majority of the international students are
chart of all the countries we have visited
a pie chart showing the top countries
the number of people living in the country
the number of people living in the city has increased by %
chart showing the average hours of sleep per night for adults
the line graph shows the decline in the number of new customers .
the number of attacks increased significantly , from ##,### in the year to ##,### .
track your health and finance by age
the graph of the number of aircraft in the air
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
a graph of the use of animals in research
a bar graph showing the number of tickets submitted and resolved .
the number of employees in the banking sector
the number of websites has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of vehicles registered
the number of people who have been in prison has increased by more than ## per cent .
the graph shows the amount of gasoline consumed per gallon of gas in the states
the number of free , partially free , and no cost services .
the number of people living in the country has increased significantly over the past decades .
line graph of the public opinion
the number of internet users has increased exponentially .
a graph showing the number of adults who have been to prison
chart of the average hours worked per week in the last year
the number of flights has steadily increased over the past few years .
the number of people living in the country has increased from #### .
the number of people living in poverty has decreased for the fifth consecutive year .
the number of people living in the city has increased by ##,### .
a higher share of the market , but still a small percentage of the total population
the number of visitors to the website by province .
the chart shows that the prices of imported cars are rising faster than those of domestic cars .
the number of followers of the top women in the world
the same chart , but now showing the cost of living .
the graph shows the annual growth of the business
the number of customers who have visited the website
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the years .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by % to units .
the cost of a car
the number of partners in the world
the number of vehicles sold .
the graph shows a higher percentage of male guests than female guests .
the rural population is growing faster than the urban population .
the most popular theme was simple , down % from the previous year .
the number of people who have visited the website
the average cost of private banks
the number of passengers increased by % to ##.## million .
the number of international tourists visiting country has increased by % in the first half of this year .
there are doctors in the area
chart showing the number of registered voters in the region .
the number of cars sold has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of shares in circulation has increased significantly
the most popular date in may was .
the number of international visitors to the website
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially .
chart showing the average time spent on social media per day by country
the line graph showing the percentage of people who have ever been to prison
the number of people who have died in the water has increased .
the graph shows the number of people living in poverty has increased for the first time in years .
the number of people living in the city has increased significantly over the last few decades .
the trend of the consumption of alcoholic beverages
the number of unemployed people has been steadily increasing over the past decade .
a large number of men have expressed interest in travel , compared to women
the number of visitors to the website has increased by % in the past year .
the number of mobile phones in use has increased exponentially over the years .
the most popular country in the world
in the last quarter , the number of registered vehicles in the market reached a new high .
country with the most visitors is country .
the world 's most popular countries
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years
the most common reasons for leaving a job
the number of registered vehicles has increased significantly over the years .
the number of visitors to the official website of the state .
the same data as the previous graph , but grouped by country .
the number of flights per hour in the first half of the year
the data is not surprising .
the most popular activity on the internet
a screenshot of the new data visualization tool
the most popular drink in the world
the most common disease is now more than any other disease .
the number of internet users has increased by more than ## percent .
the number of people in the world
the number of vehicles sold
the most popular cars in the world
a graph showing the annual revenue of the company
the graph shows the number of countries that have collapsed in the past .
the number of calls to the emergency services has increased by ##.## per cent
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
the same data as the previous chart , but now grouped by channel .
the number of cars on the road has increased steadily over the years .
a large number of customers are men than women .
the number of internet users increased noticeably in the second quarter .
the data is in , but how do you get it ?
the number of people who have visited the most popular countries in the world
the line graph of the number of people who have been killed by police
with the number of visitors , the country is now the second most visited country in the world .
the average age of a person is ##. # .
the graph shows that the percentage of consumers who are willing to pay more for ethical products is rising .
the line graph showing the number of flights per week
the decline in the number of people in prison
the most popular country in the world
with the number of visitors , country is far ahead of other countries .
the graph shows the growing share of young people in the population
the number of tourists visiting country has increased by % in the first half of this year .
the line graph showing the percentage of people who have ever been to prison in their lifetime .
the graph shows the share of each industry in the total number of jobs
the confidence of the people
some people may have been surprised to learn that the majority of the population is spending their time in the workplace .
chart of the most popular car in each month
a chart showing the number of licenses issued and revoked in the area .
the number of visitors to the website has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of entries in the top countries
a graph of public sector debt
the graph shows the number of cases per day .
the number of stores in the world
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
the average compensation for employees in the largest regions of the country .
the graph shows the number of people who have been infected with the disease .
the data is in , but what about the results ?
the most popular app in the world
the number of people who have visited the website has increased steadily over the past year .
the number of international tourists visiting country
the number of people who have had a divorce has increased .
the loss of value has been greater than the price
the number of foreign residents has increased for the first time in years
the number of people who have left the country has increased by %
a screenshot of the new statistics chart
the most popular cars among drivers
data about the railway line in the table
the graph shows the percentage of people who have been in a relationship
a graph showing the number of employees in each of the company 's divisions .
the number of people who have left the country has increased by ##.## per cent .
the line graph shows the number of people who have been arrested for smoking .
the graph shows the proportion of people aged 15 to 64 years old living with their parents
the number of vehicles sold in the country
the number of visitors to the website has increased exponentially over the years .
a graph showing the number of visitors from abroad .
the most popular website in the world
the number of followers has increased dramatically in the last year .
the number of flights has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of customers is growing at a slower rate than the number of people who are over ##
chart : the use of internet by country
the number of people who have left the country has increased .
the most popular restaurants are not necessarily the best restaurants .
the world 's most expensive country
a survey of the sports fans
the number of registered drivers in each province and territory .
the number of employees has increased for the first time in years .
the line graph showing the percentage of people who have visited country in the past year .
top most popular players in the world
the number of people living in cities increased from ###,### to ###,### .
the number of customers is growing faster than ever before .
the most popular website in the world
the graph of the monthly number of calls
the growth of the automotive industry
most banks in the world
the most affected country in the world
the world 's largest banks by assets
country is the most popular country in the world
the number of people who have been arrested for drug related crimes has increased by more than ## percent .
the number of people who have moved in the past year
the most visited country in the world
the number of registered vehicles has increased by ##.## percent .
the number of people in the world
the number of tweets , which is the number of tweets per day .
the poll has been much more consistent than the polls .
the number of vehicles sold in the first half of the year
the graph shows that more than half of the respondents believe that the government is
the number of employees has increased by %
a higher proportion of men than women are visiting tourist attraction
the line graph of construction
the number of vehicles in the world
the number of people who have been killed by police has increased .
chart of the number of employees in each sector
the most popular artist in the world
the rate of unemployment remains high in many countries
the number of goals scored by each player in the current season .
chart showing the highest number of cases of disease per million people in the world
the number of vehicles sold in the years .
the most popular online activities , by percentage
line graph showing the increase in the number of immigrants .
the number of tweets per country
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of visitors to the website .
the number of vehicles sold in the first half of the year .
the same chart as the previous one , but now grouped by industry .
the number of people living in the country has increased by more than a third .
the number of arrests has increased by ##.## percent .
the global share of the market
the number of people who have been in prison has steadily increased over the past few years .
the number of visitors to each station .
i 'm going to do some shopping .
the number of cars sold
a graph showing the share of employment in the sectors
the number of mobile users has increased exponentially over the past year .
the results of the survey
the graph shows the age of the visitors .
a line graph showing the number of tweets per day .
the number of teenagers who are proud of their country is on the rise .
the number of people who have been arrested has been on the rise .
the number of posts by country on social media
the number of fans per game has increased significantly in recent months
the most popular banks in the world
the graph shows that a majority of the young people are unemployed
the number of registered vehicles has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of customers who have made a purchase .
the number of deaths in the country
the number of people who have left the country has increased for the first time in years .
the growth of the internet has been phenomenal , with the number of active users increasing from 1 billion in the year to 2 .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by % to units in the first half of this year .
the trust in the government according to the country
the number of people who spend at least minutes per week in the gym has increased
the graph shows the number of patents granted to the name
the popularity of the word
a graph of the number of vehicles produced in each province .
a graph showing that the majority of customers are men .
line graph showing the increase in the number of people using the internet
the popularity of the name has declined over time , according to this poll .
a bar graph showing the overall score of the country .
the number of flights per month has increased by ##.## percent .
the number of sales of the company has increased by more than ## percent in the past year .
the number of people who have visited the site is higher among younger visitors .
the data is in the chart
the number of employees has increased by more than ##,### .
the number of customers who have made purchases from abroad has increased .
the most popular artist in the world
i have lost my passwords , so i have to use multiple accounts on multiple websites
the same data as the previous chart , but grouped by the top companies .
the height of the bar shows the share of renewable energy in total electricity generation .
this graph shows that the number of people who have shared the same page with politician has increased by more than ##,### .
the most popular topics in the world
line graph showing the number of passengers
the number of registered vehicles in the world
the only chart i have on the topic
the graph shows the percentage of users who use each channel
the most popular country in the world
the population of the city has increased for the first time in years
the number of films had a higher number of views than the average .
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily increased over the past few months .
the world 's most dangerous country
the pie chart shows the number of users from different countries
the world 's largest air transport market by number of aircraft
the number of people who have visited the website has increased by % .
the number of cars sold has been steadily declining for the past few years .
the most common cancer in men is breast cancer .
the most popular car of each year
the bar graph shows that the percentage of shoppers is similar , no matter what ethnicity they are .
the number of people who have been arrested times has increased .
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
the feeling of the world is changing
the number of employees has increased for the first time in years .
the number of people who have visited a city times .
the number of people living in the city
the number of registered voters .
the line graph shows the number of new homes being built .
the number of registered vehicles has decreased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by ##.## per cent
the most expensive art sold in the world
the graph shows the percentage of people who have moved in the last year .
the number of employees has increased by ##,### .
the number of people who have been married times has steadily increased .
the rise in the number of international tourists
line graph showing the percentage of people who have used the internet in a given period
a graph showing the number of arrests made in the state .
the average age of a homeowner is noticeably higher than that of the average person .
the number of homes sold in the first half of this year was ###,### , a % increase .
the graph shows the number of players who have traded in the past
the first time in history , the percentage of women giving birth was more than men .
the number of vehicles in the world
the graph shows the number of people who have moved in and out of the city .
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily increased over the past year .
the number of customers has increased by % to over ###,### .
the world 's most dangerous country
line graph of the monthly number of complaints
the line graph shows the number of people who have been killed by police .
the number of deaths from disease is far higher than that from any other disease .
i already have home office
the states with the lowest rates of alcohol - related deaths
the number of visitors to the website has increased by ##.## percent .
a line graph of the number of customers per day
the number of branches in the world
the number of people who were arrested for driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs increased by % .
a graph shows that the majority of parents believe that travel is important .
the number of people aged over ## has increased for the first time in years .
chart : the most popular topics on social media
the number of visitors to the website has increased exponentially .
the graph shows the number of customers who have heard about the brand
the number of registered drivers has increased steadily over the past years .
the most common reasons for divorce
the most read news of the world
the most popular province for immigrants
the number of approved ratings in a given period
the number of events in the world
a screenshot of the new tool
the world 's most popular person has been revealed in a new ranking .
the number of users has increased by % to over #.# million .
how many of your visitors are using each browser
the number of registered vehicles has increased by % in the past year .
the number of students aged 15 - 17 years old has increased for the second year in a row .
the number of people who have been in prison has increased steadily over the past decade .
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily declined over the past few months .
the world 's most visited cities by tourists
the number of patents per year
the number of employees has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of attacks has increased by % .
the number of people living in the country has increased from #### .
the graph shows that the majority of the raw materials were imported .
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the years .
the most popular type of property is residential development , at % of the respondents .
the growth of the global mobile market
the number of respondents who reported spending more than an hour
the number of people who have crossed the border has been steadily declining in recent years .
the growth of the female user base
the number of people who have been in prison has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of people using the internet has grown exponentially .
a graph showing the number of visitors to the website
the number of people who moved abroad increased by % , with % of those moving .
the number of people who have moved has increased steadily over the past few years
the graph shows the share of the market for different drinks .
the number of monthly active users of social network has increased exponentially over the past year .
the number of employees has been steadily increasing over the past years
the graph shows the percentage of customers who have purchased from your store in the past
the line graph shows the percentage of people who have used the internet in the past year .
the data in the table shows the percentage of each type of bicycle sold in each year .
line graph showing the population .
chart of the top countries in the world
the same as the previous graph , but for social networks
the number of people who have been killed in the state has been far higher than any other region .
chart , showing the number of tweets from different countries .
the most expensive country in the world
the number of emerging authors published in the last year
the number of customers has steadily increased over the years .
the number of total deaths has increased for the first time in years .
the number of people living in the city has increased from #### .
the number of internet users has grown exponentially over the years .
chart showing the average number of hours spent on social media per week
the number of tv shows and movies has increased exponentially .
the number of bookings per night .
a screenshot of the data showing the number of records per product .
the proportion of women in the workforce has increased from ## to ## .
the most popular cities in the world
a chart showing the share of employment in the private sector
a line graph showing the increase in the number of people using the internet
the graph shows the total spending on the largest cities in the province .
the graph shows that a large percentage of insured people are not covered by health insurance .
the average price of a car has risen , up % to $#,###.## .
the number of tweets per city and region
the most voted for country in the world
the number of registered vehicles has increased by ##.## percent
a graph showing the age of the users
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily increased over the past few months .
the number of calls per hour
the same data as the previous graph , but grouped by social network .
the most popular names in the world
the number of visitors to the site
the number of users has increased by % to % of the total population .
a screenshot of the sales performance of a city
the number of people who have been arrested times .
the number of patents filed by country
number of times shown in the top charts .
the graph shows the number of followers per account .
the same data as the chart , but broken down by country .
the graph shows the increase in the number of visitors to the website
the number of international students has increased by % to students .
the number of people who have moved to the us has increased by % .
the number of people living in the city has increased significantly over the last century .
line graph showing the number of people in the prison
the number of people living in the city has increased from #### .
the number of employees in the company has increased by % .
in the world , the number of people using the internet has reached % .
the most popular countries and cities in the world
line graph of the number of people
a graph showing the number of international students who came to study in the country .
a graph of the number of orders owned and chartered by customers .
the graph shows the percentage of people who have used the internet every day , every other day , and never .
the most popular countries in the world
chart showing the lowest rates of smoking among us adults
the amount of funds paid out indicates that many customers are paying more than they should .
the number of sales of cars has increased for the third consecutive year .
a screenshot of the table showing the ranking of football team over the years
a line graph showing the number of cars sold in the country .
line graph showing the growth of the population
the number of cars sold has increased for the first time in years .
the number of times the world no. 1 has won the title in the tournament .
the number of visitors to the website increased by % in the first half of this year
the graph shows the percentage of users who have started in - store , in - store , and on - the - go .
the results of the survey
the most popular products on the internet
the poll also asked if you had bought any of the products advertised .
the chart of the top songs and the number of entries in each category .
this graph shows that person has more than twice the number of votes than politician .
line graph showing the number of people in the world
the impact of social media on family
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the years .
the number of women in the workforce has increased
a graph showing the number of tweets .
chart : the number of entries in each category
the number of calls has steadily declined .
the number of people who have moved to a different country has increased steadily over the past decade .
the graph shows that users have been posting less
chart of the number of people killed in terrorist attacks in each year
the number of times a user has logged in to the system
the number of people living in the city has increased by nearly ##,### .
the number of people who have visited the country .
the number of people living in the country has been steadily increasing for the past decade .
a chart showing the average age of immigrants in the us
the number of complaints has increased
the number of children in families has increased for the first time in years
the growth of the global market for electric vehicles
the growth of the global market for containers
the world 's most popular cities for tourists
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years
the number of hours spent on social media has increased
the number of people living in the country has increased for the first time in years .
the majority of the consumers are satisfied with the state of their internet connection
a line graph showing the number of events in a month
a screenshot showing the ranking position of football team in the world
the number of flights has increased by ##.## percent
the most popular subject to study
the number of people who have been arrested times has increased .
the number of calls to the number has steadily declined over the past few months .
the number of internet users has steadily increased over the past few years .
the number of employees has steadily increased over the past few years .
the number of people who have been killed by police
person has a higher share of data related to the areas of business .
the number of people who have registered for a driver 's license has increased every year .
the number of people who have been in prison has increased significantly .
the number of arrests over the years .
the amount of people who have traveled for the purpose of experiencing the local culture has increased
there is a lack of information about the number of self - insured plans in the market .
the number of downloads per month
line graph showing the increase in the number of people living in poverty .
the number of people living in the city has increased steadily over the past few years .
the number of mobile phones and tablets has increased exponentially .
the number of people living in the country has steadily increased over the past decade .
the number of people living in the country has increased from ##.## to ##.## .
the graph shows that the majority of the respondents are professionals
the most popular website is now % of traffic , up from % last year .
figure : a table that shows the number of jobs in each occupation .
the number of people who have left the country has increased by nearly ##,### .
a graph showing the number of deaths
the chart shows the percentage of customers who plan to increase , decrease or stay the same in the next year
the number of students enrolled in higher education in the us
chart showing the number of deaths from each disease .
most searched for brands in the world
the most popular countries in the world
the number of people living in the country has increased from #### .
the graph shows the average number of hours of sleep per night among adults
the number of cars sold has been steadily declining for the past few years .
chart showing the number of times each country has been named in the top ## .
the graph shows the average time spent on the internet by category of products .
the most popular brands in the world
with the new chart , you can see the exact number of tests you have done .
the graph showed that the percentage of people who used email was increasing , not decreasing .
the number of vehicles sold in the world
the share of people who have voted in the last elections is almost equal in all regions .
the world 's most corrupt countries
the line graph shows the increase in the number of female students .
the number of jobs is higher than ever before , especially for men
the number of cars sold has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of visitors to the website by country
a graph showing the number of residents in the us who have visited a state park .
the benefits of the shame
the number of visitors to the site from different countries
a graph of the annual revenue and profit of the airline
the world 's most popular books
the most popular analytics tools
a line graph showing the increase in the number of people
the number of viewers per episode , from the top shows .
the average number of calls per hour
the number of foreign residents
a screenshot of the data
most car - related deaths in the states
the first time in years , the number of internet users has surpassed the number of people with a fixed line .
the growth of the global market for the automotive industry
the number of calls from the website
the line graph shows the overall increase in the number of women .
a graph showing the number of comments on each of the posts .
the graph shows the average price of a pound of gold
the number of requests for information from the internet is growing exponentially .
the same data as the previous chart , but grouped by country .
the number of calls has steadily increased over the past few years .
the graph shows the percentage of citizens who voted .
the number of visitors to the website has increased exponentially in the past year .
the graph shows the share of the population that is using the internet .
the graph shows that the percentage of young people who have traveled abroad has increased .
the reasons for shopping online , by region
the most expensive city in the world
a graph showing the number of people living in the city .
a line graph of the price of gold
the number of people who have been arrested .
the most common threats in the world
the number of cars on the road has steadily declined over the past decade .
the number of participants in the event
the average age of the population has been steadily increasing over the past few years .
the graph shows that more than half of the customers are satisfied with the brand
the number of people aged over ## has increased for the second year in a row .
a screenshot of the official statistics on the number of cases in the country .
chart showing the number of jobs in each industry
the number of people who have moved to a new home or apartment has increased
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
i 'm not the only one who likes to read about the news .
the graph shows the company 's financial performance .
the number of monthly car accidents
the president 's most popular things : the chart in software
the average number of hours worked per week has been steadily declining .
line graph showing the number of foreigners
the chart shows the percentage of the total number of bookings that were made .
the card with the highest approval rate is , at % .
the number of travelers who spent more than ### hours
the number of people who have registered a trademark
the graph shows that the number of registered drivers has increased steadily over the years .
the graph shows the proportion of people aged between ## and ## who have been in prison .
the number of people who have registered for a vaccine has been far higher than the number of people who have actually received one .
the number of cases of coronavirus in the world
the graph shows that the majority of tourists use the services of agents , not brokers .
most popular payment methods in the world
the number of employees has steadily declined over the years .
in the online shopping , the majority of the customers still prefer to buy
the number of registered drivers has steadily increased over the past few years .
the graph shows the trend in the number of people who have been treated for a disease
chart showing the number of registered drivers in each province .
the number of people who have had tattoos has increased
the graph shows the share of people who spend their leisure time on their phones
the number of deaths in the year
impact of the events on the world
the number of people using the internet has doubled in the last year
the number of visitors to the website has steadily increased over the years .
the number of people who have changed their mind about a date
the growth of the it industry
the number of customers is declining , as a percentage of all customers .
the graph shows the most common languages spoken by the population .
the number of people who have visited the site has increased by % .
the number of tourists who have visited tourist attraction has increased by % .
the number of registered vehicles has been steadily declining for the past few years .
a graph showing the share of the population that is unemployed
the number of votes in the last poll .
the most popular food in the world
the most popular online gambling in the world
the number of people who have been vaccinated has increased over time
a chart showing the volume of exports from the region to the rest of the world
you are more likely to be affected by the news than the other % of people .
data from the sales of individual products
a chart showing the number of vehicles sold in the region .
the number of cars sold has been steadily declining for several years .
the number of vehicles sold in the year
the world 's most popular brand
the number of registered vehicles has been steadily declining over the past few years .
the graph of the people says : i am % christian , % .
the chart shows that the city is not one of the safest cities
a graph showing the share of the market for different types of banks
a line graph showing the number of articles published each month .
the most popular radio station in the world
the popularity of free apps and paid apps
a graph showing the number of refugees .
the number of people who have been arrested
the number of flights per day .
line chart showing the number of deaths
the number of people who have been infected with the virus has steadily declined over the past few weeks .
a line graph showing the increase in the number of calls
the number of customers who have used the service has increased significantly over the past year .
the number of people who have ever been married is much higher than the number of people who are currently married .
the number of cars sold in the first half of the year
the number of calls has increased by % .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by more than ## times over the past decade .
the number of arrests and convictions
line graph of the number of people who have visited the website
the graph shows the benefits of working from home .
the average number of hours of sleep per night for adults
the number of cars per capita has steadily increased over the past years .
the number of cars sold has steadily declined over the past few years
the number of people living in the city has increased in the last decade .
the number of cars on the road
the number of people working abroad has increased , with % of those working abroad now living .
the number of people who have been arrested for using the internet has increased steadily over the past year .
a screenshot of the data i want to export .
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially .
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily declined over the past few weeks .
the number of people who have been killed by police has steadily increased over the past few years .
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of people who have used the internet has increased exponentially over the years .
the world 's most popular person by number of views .
a graph showing the number of operations in the past year
the lack of interest in the topic is evident from this graph .
the same data as the previous chart but grouped by country .
most popular country in the world
the number of deaths in the ##s
the chart shows the year - over - year percent change in the number of customers who bought apple , apple , and computer hardware business .
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the years .
the graph shows the number of people who have been infected with the virus .
a graph showing the most popular way to travel
the number of people living in cities has increased exponentially over the past decade .
time spent on the internet , graph
the growth of the internet has been explosive over the past few years .
the number of registered drivers has been steadily declining for the past few years .
a graph showing the number of visitors to the website
the world 's most popular languages by number of tweets
the number of people who have been arrested times has increased .
the chart shows the cost of dental care in the world
the most popular cities in the world
the graph shows the percentage of customers who have had a good experience .
the number of registered drivers has steadily declined over the past few years .
the state of internet around the world
the number of registered drivers has steadily declined over the past few years .
i am actively looking for a relationship , but if i meet the right person , i would prefer to stay single
the most important issues in online shopping
the number of cars sold has been steadily declining for the past few years .
the graph shows that the percentage of customers who have made a purchase is higher among younger consumers .
a graph showing the percentage of waste collected from the streets .
the chart shows the number of certified members in the world , as of quarter .
the number of people living in the city has increased steadily over the past few years .
line graph of the minimum wage
the number of visitors to the website
the share of foreign banks in the total number of banks
the world is becoming more and more connected , especially among people .
the graph shows that the proportion of people aged ## and above is significantly higher .
this image shows the number of records from different countries .
the number of new customers per month
the graph shows the number of patients by age .
the average age of a person in the world
the lack of education is a major issue among travelers .
chart showing the number of imported cars from each country
a chart showing the annual growth rate of the number of registered vehicles
a graph of the country 's exports
the number of deaths in the country has steadily declined over the past few months .
the graph shows the proportion of people who have been in prison
the graph shows the number of flights per year .
the number of vehicles in the world
the number of visitors to the website has increased exponentially .
the number of international tourists has increased significantly .
the most popular brand in the world
the rate of commercial vehicles registered has steadily declined over the past few years .
the number of calls to the emergency services has increased by more than ## per cent in the past year
a graph showing the number of arrests over time .
the graph shows the number of confirmed cases of disease
if you are a business , you are not alone
the number of vehicles sold .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially .
line graph showing the decline in the number of deaths
a graph showing the share of employment in the country
increased in more engaging activities on ships
the most popular companies by revenue
the percentage of adults who have a bank account is higher than the percentage of adults who have a credit card .
the most popular products to sell online according to the survey
the chart shows that the foreign born make up a large percentage of the population .
a graph showing the number of registered vehicles
the number of monthly visitors to the website has steadily increased over the past year .
the number of people who have been infected with the coronavirus has been rising in many states .
the number of customers who have expressed interest in buying a product or service has increased .
i will not change my shopping habits , i will buy more from brands linked to the news
line graph of the total power consumed in the past years
the number of people who have visited the site over time
the number of teenagers is on the rise
the number of arrests per million people is much higher than many countries .
chart showing the average number of hours spent by residents on social media per week
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
the number of registered vehicles has increased significantly in the past year .
the number of cars exported from country
the number of registered vehicles has increased by more than ## times in the last decade .
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the years .
the world is becoming more and more dependent on electronic waste .
the number of cars sold in the country
the number of stores in the world
the number of vehicles registered has increased for the fifth year in a row .
with the number of followers , the number of likes and views per post , it 's clear that the most popular news outlets are on social media .
i was surprised to see that the majority of the respondents were not happy with the current state of the world .
the number of people who have visited the site , by month .
despite the fact that the most popular movies of all time , the avengers still has the most downloads .
the world 's largest economies by country
the most popular brand among the users is brand .
line graph showing the increase in direct contribution
the number of people using the internet for news has grown exponentially .
the same data as the previous image , but grouped by disease .
the number of people who have booked a holiday in the last year
the number of registered drivers has steadily increased over the years .
government should follow up and issue more guidelines on how to handle the situation
the number of people who used the internet increased by % to people .
the decline in the number of people driving by hand .
the same data as the previous chart , but now showing the number of arrivals by age and gender .
according to data , the market share of the top smartphones has dropped to % from % in the first half of this year .
a graph of the number of companies
the world 's most popular language by country
the number of employees in the central government and municipal sector
the conflict between consumer and consumer
the number of partners has increased by % , with the majority of couples now having more than one
a bar graph showing the share of employees in each sector
a bar graph showing the amount of money raised by venture funded company
the number of patients who have been discharged from the hospital .
the line graph shows the trend of the number of customers .
the data shows that the number of people registering for the first time is much higher among women than among men .
the number of employees in the company
person was ranked as the best hospital in the state
the number of comments by age
country is among the top countries in the world in terms of the number of patents .
the most popular apps in the world , by funding
the table about crime in the region
the decline in satisfaction with police
the number of people who have visited the most popular tourist attractions .
the number of registered drivers has steadily increased over the past few years .
the most common symptoms of the disease
the number of internet users increased by % to millions
the line graph showing the annual growth of the economy
the number of cars sold has been steadily increasing over the years .
the number of employees in the industry
the number of people who have left the country has increased by nearly ##,### .
the number of calls per minute has steadily declined over the past year .
the number of people who have been arrested
a high percentage of customers are male .
chart showing the number of vehicles exported by country .
a screenshot of the total number of donations by person .
the number of people living in poverty has increased for the first time in years .
the world 's largest wine producing states
the number of people who have been arrested for using the internet
the number of people who have been arrested for using the internet
the most popular video on search engine website
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
number of deaths in the world
line graph showing the number of immigrants .
a chart showing the number of drivers on the road
the graph shows the number of tourists visiting tourist attraction
the most popular apps in the app store
the number of mobile users has increased significantly .
the number of customers has increased by %
the new graph shows the number of times each brand was mentioned in the media .
the share of the total employed in the country
the most popular ways to share knowledge on the job
the number of people living in the city has increased from #### .
the number of people who have been killed by police in the world
the number of people who have visited the website at least once .
the number of monthly visitors to the website
the number of people living in cities has increased by more than ## times .
a graph showing the number of countries that have entered and exited the market .
the number of times the word , person , has been searched for has increased .
the most expensive country in the world
chart showing the average hours of sleep per week for people aged ##
the number of customers who said they were satisfied with their experience with the company increased by % .
the number of airports has increased for the fifth year in a row .
line graph showing the number of cars sold in the city
according to the survey , the majority of users are using a mobile device to access the internet .
a line graph shows the decrease in the number of arrests .
the world 's most popular countries on the internet
the average age of the users increased to ##. # .
a pie chart of the results of the poll
the number of people who have used public transport in the last month is higher than ever before .
the number of cars sold has steadily declined over the past year .
the graph shows that the majority of visitors are under ## .
the number of vehicles sold in the country
the number of employees has increased by more than ##,### .
spent more on the same products
the number of cars sold in the country
a line graph showing the number of imported cars per year
the number of cars sold has steadily increased over the past few years .
the number of people who used public transport increased by % to % of the population .
the number of people who have been infected with the virus .
chart showing the most popular keywords in the world
the graph shows the number of customers who visit the website on a daily , weekly and monthly basis .
the number of people who have been killed in the world
the number of people who have visited the website
the number of people who have moved has steadily increased over the past few years .
a graph showing the number of passengers .
the growth of the number of registered drivers has been steady over the past few years .
the number of people who have been killed by police has steadily declined over the past few years .
the number of apps has grown exponentially over the past year .
a bar graph showing the number of tweets per topic .
the graph shows the most popular reasons for leaving a city .
the most popular brands in the world
the same data as the previous chart , but broken down by ethnicity .
the number of registered vehicles has increased significantly over the years .
the most popular books in the world
the number of cars sold in the first half of the year
a bar graph shows the relationship between education and online shopping
the graph shows the percentage of products purchased online .
the number of registered vehicles has been steadily increasing over the years .
the number of people living in cities has increased from #### .
a line graph showing the decline in the number of arrests .
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the past years .
the number of customers per month
the number of people who have made purchases online has increased .
the graph shows that the number of people employed has increased
the data shows that more than half of the men are interested in genetic testing
the results of the survey
the number of people living in the city .
the number of registered drivers has steadily increased over the past few years .
chart showing the number of searches for each product category
the more people who have heard of brand , the more likely they are to have heard of it .
line graph showing the decline in the number of people living in poverty .
the number of registered drivers has increased by % to units in the past year .
the graph shows the annual growth of the company .
the number of people living in poverty has increased for the first time in years .
a graph shows the percentage of customers who spent more than $##,### .
the number of travellers from each province is shown .
the graph shows the percentage of tourists who have been to country
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the years .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the graph shows the number of people who have been killed by the police .
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
the graph shows the percentage of people who have heard about the news from different sources .
the number of registered drivers has increased steadily over the past few years .
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
the number of customers who said they were satisfied with the service they received .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
airline has ranked among the world 's best airlines for customer service
the number of vehicles sold in the year
the graph shows the annual growth of the average number of cars
the graph shows that the majority of the people have been using the internet .
a high number of graduates from the rural areas
pie chart of the number of films owned by each company
the poll found that the majority of people in the country are in favour of leaving the eu
a pie chart showing the percentage of travelers who have been .
a line graph showing the increase in the number of people .
the graph shows the number of customers by age
the number of people living in the country has increased from ##,### to ##,### .
the world 's most popular languages
the number of people who visited the website in the month of may was significantly higher than the average .
the number of flights per month
the number of people living in the country has increased for the fifth consecutive year .
the trend of pets is on the rise
the growth of the global automotive industry
the number of customers has increased by % to % of the total .
the most popular brand in the world
the most popular song in the world
the majority of the older generation agree that they have never been in a relationship
the number of people who have moved has increased steadily over the past years .
number of tweets per country
the same data as the previous graph , but now showing the number of registered vehicles .
the best car for the money .
a graph showing the number of recovered and discharged patients
the number of clubs has increased by % , with the majority of the decline coming in the first half of the year .
the number of international students has risen more than any other country
the number of people who have moved has increased steadily over the past years .
the number of people living in the city has increased by nearly ##,### .
with the increase in the number of reviews , the number of sales has also increased .
the most common security issues
support for medicare from a base of people who have never heard of medicare
a graph showing the share of employment in the sectors
the graph shows the percentage of food imported from the top countries .
a line graph showing the increase in the number of people .
the same as the previous chart , but now with the data from the survey .
revenue of the largest banks
a survey on the internet
the growth of the internet of things
want to know what 's in the food you eat ?
the last year of data
the share of the population living in urban areas is very high
the number of registered vehicles has increased for the fifth year in a row .
most popular brand of car in the world
despite the similarities , facebook and twitter have become very different companies in the last year
the decline in the number of banks
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the past years .
the share of women in the workforce has increased
chart of the average hours of sleep per country
the graph shows the percentage of people who have moved in the last year .
the number of people living in the city has increased significantly over the past few years .
a line graph showing the decline in the number of visitors to the site
the graph shows the most popular reasons for using apps .
the graph shows the number of tweets from each city .
the number of airports has increased steadily over the years .
the line graph showing the number of people in the city
most popular websites in the world
the line graph showing the rate of people using the internet
the number of flights has increased steadily over the years .
the pie chart shows the percentage of users who used which service .
the number of people who have been vaccinated against disease has increased steadily over the years .
the graph of the most popular food in the world
the power of charts : the percentage of people who would rather not say ethnicity in the us
a bar graph shows the percentage of students who have ever been homeless
the top countries in the world
the number of registered vehicles in the world
the number of followers of the world 's most popular athletes has increased .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by %
the number of people who have never been in a long - distance relationship has increased
the number of visitors to the website
the graph shows that a large percentage of users have never heard of the concept .
the number of customers has increased by more than ## times in the last year .
a graph showing the number of tourists visiting country in the past year .
a graph showing the number of soldiers killed , captured or missing .
the world 's largest consumer of energy
graph of the installed capacity of all renewable energy in the country
the most popular use of data
the chart shows the reasons for the decline
the graph shows that the percentage of men who have had a marriage has increased significantly
the number of cars sold
the growth of the global market for electric vehicles
a graph showing the number of employees
the most popular websites , according to the data
the number of cars sold
country is one of the most popular countries in the world for online shopping .
line graph showing the number of people in the city
the number of internet users
a line graph showing the decline in sales
the world record for most number of votes in a single poll is held by person .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by ##.## percent .
the graph shows the annual growth of the company 's revenue
despite the fact that it has more followers than facebook , social network user has experienced a sharp decline in the number of followers
a line chart showing the growth in the number of people working in the country
most awards won by person , other nominees
the number of operating companies has increased significantly over the past year .
the number of people employed in the sector has increased steadily over the past decade
the number of people who used the internet was more than ##.# billion .
the number of employees has increased exponentially over the years .
a graph showing the growth of the global market for electric vehicles
the share of sales of branded products in the total sales
the number of people in the world
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of people who have moved has increased
the amount of film production in the world , in millions .
the amount of money spent on advertising , has increased by % to $##.## billion .
the number of people living in the city has increased from #### .
the graph shows that the percentage of men and women who have tattoos is very similar .
the most important source of revenue for public sector
a pie chart of the data
the number of women in tech is still low .
the number of people living in the city has increased steadily for several years .
the number of searches for the most popular countries
the number of visitors to the website by state
the number of people who have died in the country
the graph of the most popular car brands
the graph shows the amount of information shared with customers
the graph shows the most popular topics in the news .
the number of people living in poverty has increased for the first time in years .
the number of cars sold
we can expect to see changes in the following areas of our lives
a bar graph shows the percentage of men and women who have purchased online .
the number of people living in the city has increased by %
the number of registered vehicles has increased significantly in the last decade .
the number of systems replaced by fuel type .
the chart shows that the percent of voters who are very or somewhat conservative has increased
the graph shows the percentage of smokers who have tried each type of e - cigarette .
the number of visitors to the website by province .
the number of cars per capita has been steadily declining for several years .
the number of times people have visited a website
the number of registered vehicles has increased by more than ##,### .
with the amount of money invested in the wearable market , it 's no surprise that the industry is growing at such a rapid pace .
the most popular books , according to the survey
the growth of the global market
the popularity of movies is growing in countries around the world
a line graph showing the decline in the number of deaths
line graph showing the number of deaths per year .
a chart showing the share of employment in the private sector
the graph shows the number of people who have heard about the concept of digital citizenship .
the coffee and tea market has seen a steady growth over the last years .
the number of people who have visited the site
the number of registered vehicles has increased by more than ## times .
the number of people living in the city
a screenshot of the number of orders from different countries in the last week .
the graph shows the total cost of goods sold in the first quarter .
the number of people who have visited the website times .
the number of arrests in the first half of this year was much higher than in the same period last year .
the number of deaths in the province is far greater than that of any other province .
if you 're looking for social media users by age , this is the place to be .
the most visited country in the world
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the past years .
the number of people in the world
the number of registered vehicles has increased by more than ## times in the last decade .
the most popular author , by number of books , in the world .
most followed person in the world
a graph of the data
the graph shows the number of cancer cases in the world .
the number of prisoners has been steadily declining for the past decade .
the number of people living in the country has increased from #### .
the number of airports has increased every year .
a graph showing the number of soldiers killed , captured or missing in conflict .
the same data as the previous graph , but now grouped by social media .
the most popular country in the world
the percentage of patients most in need at the moment
line graph showing the number of cars sold
the number of tweets per person .
the world 's most expensive country to live in
the biggest challenges in implementing technology
most awards won by a player in a single season
the graph shows the distribution of the search traffic on the internet .
a chart showing the number of vehicles sold in the world
the number of people who have been arrested
the graph shows that the majority of customers are under ## .
the number of people living in cities has increased for the first time in years
chart showing the number of registered drivers in each county
the number of people living in the capital has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the world 's largest radio station by country
the most popular companies in the world
the number of people in the world
the number of vehicles registered , in thousands
the chart shows the population by ethnicity .
the world 's largest continent is country .
the pie chart shows the percentage of respondents who have not heard of the brand
this graph shows the average annual salary .
the number of devices in the market is growing , but business still has a long way to go .
the number of mobile users has increased by % to users .
the number of respondents has decreased .
the number of internet users increased by % to users .
the number of deaths caused by each type of accident
the number of arrests for the crime of theft has steadily increased over the past year .
line graph showing the number of flights per year
the number of airports has increased steadily over the past decade .
the number of people who have been arrested for using the internet
the same data , now presented in a bar chart .
the number of soldiers killed in action .
the most popular bank in the world
the graph shows the percentage of travelers who are over ## .
the world 's most popular languages by number of native speakers
a line chart showing the decline in the number of people using public transport
the number of cars sold in the country
the graph shows the most popular sites in the world .
the number of people living in the city has increased from #### .
line graph showing the decline in the number of births
the number of people who have moved to a new home has increased steadily over the past years .
the number of people living in the city .
the graph shows the proportion of people aged between ## and ## who have been in prison .
the lack of impact has had a significant impact on the online purchase
the most popular countries in the world
the number of monthly visitors to the website
the number of registered drivers has steadily declined .
the number of tablets in the world
a graph showing the number of deaths
the most popular countries in the world
a graph showing the number of people who have been arrested for smoking in the past year .
the percentage of respondents who said that the cost of living was likely to increase in the next year has risen to % .
the number of registered drivers has steadily declined over the past year .
the percentage of people who have traveled abroad .
the graph shows the number of times people have used the term .
the number of people who have been arrested times .
a graph showing the number of annual sales of the product
the number of people who have left the country has increased by ##.## per cent .
the share of the population who uses the internet is high .
a line graph showing the increase in revenue and spending
the number of international students in the world
the number of registered drivers has increased steadily over the years .
a bar graph shows that men are more likely to travel than women
the number of people who have been arrested times , down from the ##,### .
the number of people living in poverty has increased for the first time in years
the number of registered drivers has increased by % to units in the first half of this year .
the number of mobile phones in use has increased exponentially over the years
the most popular brand of appliances
the number of accounts in the world
the number of people living in the country has increased for the first time in years .
the share of customers who have moved to a mobile device has increased
the most popular products on amazon
the world 's most popular languages
a line graph showing the decline in the number of branches
the world 's education in numbers
the number of people who have been arrested times .
most popular brands in the world
the number of registered drivers in each province .
the number of customers per month
the most popular tweets by country
the number of registered vehicles in the world
the graph shows that the majority of complaints were about food and service .
a graph showing the share of the total employed in the country
the number of airports has increased by more than ## times in the last decade .
the number of people who have been killed by police has steadily increased over the past few years .
the number of visitors , has increased by % , with an average of visitors per visit .
a graph showing the number of regular and temporary employees in the company
the growth of the market
the number of speakers of each language in the world
the number of tweets per account .
the number of times people have visited a website
the world 's most popular languages by country
the line graph shows the number of complaints per year .
the number of employees was stable at the end of the year .
most in demand skills
the number of households with internet access has increased from #### .
line graph showing the number of people in the city .
a line graph showing the number of cars sold in the country .
the most popular areas of the world
a chart showing the number of arrests over the years .
chart showing the average hours of sleep per person per day from the survey
the number of registered drivers in each province and territory is shown in this chart .
the number of people living in poverty has steadily declined over the past few years .
the number of children born to married couples
a line graph showing the number of visitors to the website over time .
chart showing the number of times each airline has been named the best airline in the world .
the graph shows the number of cars sold in the country .
the number of times people have visited a website
chart of the top causes of death in the world
the data for the most popular products in the world
the data is in the form of a table
the number of cars sold in the world
the number of registered vehicles has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the most expensive city in the world
a graph showing the share of total employment in the industry
the number of people who have visited the website has increased exponentially .
the number of vehicles in the city has increased steadily over the years .
the proportion of students who have graduated has increased
chart of the number of deaths caused by natural disasters in the last decade
the data is not there to support the claims that some people are using it for commercial purposes .
the number of cars sold has increased exponentially over the years .
the most popular cities in the world
the number of cars sold has been steadily declining for the past decade .
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the past years .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by ##.## percent .
the number of cars sold has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of people living in the city has increased from #### .
the number of people living in cities has increased steadily over the past years .
the number of tweets per day from different countries .
the number of cars sold
a graph showing the total number of cases
the average cost of a mobile phone
the most popular website in the world
the number of customers who have ordered from fast food restaurants has increased significantly , according to the latest data .
the number of flights per month
the number of international students in the us has reached a record high .
the number of people who have been in prison has increased steadily over the past years .
the number of people who have been killed by police has steadily increased over the past few years .
the number of people who have moved abroad has increased , up from % to % .
the number of registered gun owners in each state may surprise you
the line graph showing the rate of return on investment
a line graph showing the monthly number of requests
country ranked among the top importers of consumer product in the world
the number of visitors to the website
the bar graph shows the number of voters who have heard of politician
a high percentage of customers is from rural areas
the most important things that employees want from their employer
number of prisoners in the world
average hourly wage in each industry
it 's clear that the winner of this poll is # , ### .
the number of deaths per million people
the number of people who have left the country has increased by ##.## per cent .
the same chart , but showing followers of the account
the number of songs by artist is far out - paced by the rest of the top ## .
the number of devices in the world
the world 's top beer - drinking country
the number of passengers who have not been allowed to enter the country
the graph shows the number of jobs in each sector
the number of people living in the country has increased from ##.## to ##.## .
the most popular jobs in the world
the number of users aged ##
the number of people living in the city
the number of people who agree with the statement has increased
the most popular countries in the world
the most popular fruit in the world
the number of cars per 1000 people has been steadily declining for the past few years .
the number of men and women who have had their hair cut under ##
the number of people who have visited the website
the number of certified drivers has increased by ##.## percent .
the number of motorhomes and caravans has increased in the past year .
the number of airports has steadily increased over the years .
the number of full - time jobs has been steadily declining for the past decade .
the number of registered drivers has increased significantly over the past year .
number of refugees in the world
the number of users has steadily declined .
the same data as the previous chart , but now by income .
the most popular industry in each country
the line graph shows the average daily volume of the top exchanges
the number of people who have had a pet
the number of cars sold in the first half of the year was ##,### .
the most popular topics on the blog
the same data as the previous chart , but grouped by the most popular cancer .
the number of people who have left country
the growth of the domestic market
the impact of the crisis on business relationship
the number of visitors to the website
the number of vehicles sold .
a line graph of the data in the table above
a city has a higher than average rate of men per woman
the number of cars sold in the first half of the year
the number of people using public transport increased by % to ##,### .
a graph showing the percentage of men and women who have used a dating app
the number of vehicles sold in the first half of the year .
the graph shows that the number of soft drinks consumed by adults has increased significantly .
the number of registered vehicles from all provinces and territories is shown .
a line graph showing the growth of exports in country
a chart showing the number of people who have moved in and out of the city
the number of people who have used public transport in the past month , as a percentage of the total population .
the number of people who have visited the country is much higher than the average .
chart showing the number of international students in the top universities
the number of people who have registered for a vaccine has increased .
the number of total arrests has increased for the third year in a row .
the line graph of the number of flights per month
the graph shows that more than half of the customers agree with the statement
the number of cases in the country
the graph shows the number of orders per category .
the number of calls has increased by ##.## percent in the past year .
the number of websites that have changed their name over time
most popular country in the world
the graph shows the share of the population that is unemployed .
the number of visitors to the website has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the more people who eat , the more likely they are to say that they are on a diet .
the world 's most expensive country to live in
the most important person you have never met is person .
the number of people who have been in prison has increased steadily over the past years .
this chart shows the number of people who have visited .
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
most popular search on the internet
the graph shows the proportion of people aged 15 - ## who have ever been in prison .
line graph of the number of people who have been infected with the virus
the number of customers in the world
line graph showing the decline in the number of people .
the higher the percentage , the more of the market is in the luxury segment .
the world 's largest companies by revenue
i have coughed in my elbow .
the results of the survey
support for private ownership is higher among older people
the number of passengers increased by % to ###,### .
the most shared posts on social media were .
the chart shows that the gas grill is far the most popular type of grill .
the number of people living in the country has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the most popular apps in the world
the majority of shoppers will continue to buy online after the holidays
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the years .
the graph shows the percentage of people who read news daily .
the growth of online shopping has been driven by a number of factors
chart : the most popular places to buy online according to the respondents
the number of clicks per minute
who is the most likely to visit a foreign website from your country ?
the data is in the following chart
a line graph showing the decline in the number of people working in the industry .
the number of people affected by the disaster
the number of people who have visited the website .
the graph shows the percentage change in sales .
the number of people who have been killed by trains has steadily increased over the past few years .
the score has dropped more than any other airline .
get additional information about the local government
the same data has been presented in the form of a stacked bar chart .
the number of people living in the city has increased steadily over the past few years .
the number of registered drivers has been steadily increasing over the years .
the number of arrests in the year
the most effective ad on facebook
the number of customers has increased by %
the feeling of being safe is not universal among the population .
the growth of the automotive industry
the number of registered vehicles has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of visitors to the region 's most popular tourist attractions has been revealed in the latest figures .
the chart shows a peak in the number of payments in the month of may .
a bar graph shows a high percentage of men .
the most popular companies in the world
the number of boats in each province and territory is shown .
the number of tourists visiting country in the past years
the graph shows that more than half of the respondents are against the bill .
the number of internet users has steadily grown over the past few years .
line graph of the number of people
the domestic and total market
the number of active users of the internet , the number of active users of the internet has increased exponentially over the past few years .
a bar graph of the most important issues for people of all religions
the number of people who have moved to a new home has increased steadily over the past few years .
a bar graph showing the number of mentions per account
i 've lost money on the internet because : what are the main reasons for the loss of money ?
the most popular movies in the world
a screenshot of the data from my research
a pie chart showing the results of the survey
the number of people who have moved has increased by % .
a bar graph showing the share of electric vehicles on the road
the most popular chocolate in the world
the number of drivers has increased .
the most common diseases in the world
the growth of the internet has been phenomenal , with the number of users increasing from ###,### to ###,### .
the graph shows that the majority of the tourists are under ## .
the number of companies has grown exponentially .
a graph showing the number of people who died in hospitals .
a graph showing the increase in the number of passengers
the number of registered vehicles has increased for several years .
the number of people who crossed the border was significantly higher than in the previous years .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by ##.## percent .
the line graph of the number of arrests
the graph of the annual imports and exports
the number of vehicles produced in each industry
a graph showing the growth of the airline industry
the number of transplants is still very low compared to other countries
the number of followers on facebook and twitter has been growing exponentially
the most popular website in the world
the graph shows the share of cars in the total number of vehicles .
the number of customers using digital services is growing
the number of employees has increased by % .
the number of people who have been infected with the virus has increased by more than ## times .
the number of dogs and cats has increased
the graph shows the number of people living in poverty .
the number of users in the world
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
most popular jobs in the world
the number of people living in the city has increased for the first time in years .
the music industry is still a very small market .
the growth of the number of registered drivers has been steady for the past few years .
chart of the top countries in the world
line graph showing the decline in the number of people using the internet
the share of companies by industry
the graph shows a higher percentage of men than women .
the number of employees has been steadily declining over the past few years .
the benefits of working from home
a chart of carbon emissions by country
not having enough money is the biggest barrier
the number of people living in cities has increased from #### .
the growth of the global market for mobile phones
the chart shows the percentage of customers who have made a purchase by date
the number of people who have left the country has increased by more than ##,### .
the number of cars sold has increased for the fifth year in a row .
a graph showing the share of employment in the sectors
the number of dogs in urban regions
with the new data , we can compare the top selling smartphones by volume and growth .
a graph showing the growth in the number of loans
the chart shows the number of employees leaving the company .
the same as the previous chart , but now by industry
the number of international tourists has steadily increased over the past decade .
a survey of people who have worked in the past
the number of pets registered , by breed , is shown in the chart .
the graph shows that the number of customers who have used the internet has increased steadily over the years .
top most popular apps in the world
the most popular content on social media
the most popular movie in the world
the chart shows the percentage of apps that earn revenue from downloads , purchases , or both .
the number of people who have visited the site , up % from the previous month .
the number of vehicles sold
the number of people who have left the country has increased by ##.## per cent .
the graph shows the percentage of customers who have spent more than $### .
the number of cars registered in the world
the number of people who have moved in the past year
the number of companies in the world
the number of deaths in the ####s
the number of employees has been steadily declining for the past few years .
the number of payments made by country
line graph showing the percentage of passengers who have used a discount
the graph shows the annual rate of return on equity
the number of registered vehicles has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of arrests per year .
the same data , but in a stacked bar chart
the number of registered voters in the country has reached a record high .
this is the number of visitors from different countries .
the number of men and women in the military
a screenshot of the prison population in country
the number of accounts has steadily grown over the past few years .
the number of tweets per day
the number of internet users has grown exponentially over the past decade .
chart of the number of deaths from the flu in the last year
most expensive game in the world
the world 's top countries by the amount of money they spend on research and development
the number of people who have been killed or injured in the attacks has increased by more than ## per cent .
the number of registered drivers has increased by ##.## per cent .
the number of users is growing , with the average monthly increase of % .
the average unemployment rate for ethnicity is lower than that of ethnicity
the first graph of cases , showing the number of cases per day .
the number of cars sold has been steadily declining for the past few years .
the world 's most popular currencies by country
the cost of a hotel room in the world
the number of customers has grown exponentially over the years .
the chart shows the number of passengers who travelled by air , by country .
the number of cars sold has steadily declined over the past few years .
the number of cars sold has increased by more than ## times in the last decade .
the data also shows that the majority of online purchases are made by consumers .
the most popular activities in the world
the world 's most expensive country for cars
the number of vehicles on the road
the number of international students has increased significantly in recent years .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
line graph showing the number of deaths in the country
the number of reports of the number of reports
the most popular companies in the world
the graph shows the number of times people visit their website .
the number of people who have visited the site at least once .
the amount of salt in the food
with the same amount of traffic , the competitors of amazon are growing exponentially .
the graph shows the number of employees in each sector
line graph showing the number of people living in the country
a bar graph shows that the percentage of men is higher than the percentage of women .
i use cash and credit cards
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has increased significantly .
the graph shows the percentage of voters who have voted in the referendum
the number of cars sold
what is the most popular cloud service ?
the number of customers has increased by more than ##,### .
the graph shows that more than half of the respondents are neutral .
a line graph of the number of imported and local cases of disease
the number of registered drivers has increased by % to drivers .
the graph shows the percentage of purchases made online .
the number of internet users has steadily increased .
the number of employees has increased by ##.## percent .
a graph showing the number of awards and nominations for the award .
the world 's largest economies by country
the number of internet users in the world
the size of the conversion rate has increased significantly .
the graph shows that the majority of the customers have not made a profit
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
a graph showing the number of confirmed cases , cured , and deceased in the country .
the graph of the most popular food in the world
chart showing the average wait time for a new car
the graph shows the number of cars per million people .
the growth of the car market
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
chart of the total funding for transportation
the number of cars on the road has increased by more than ## times in the last decade .
the graph shows the support for the use of force by the police
the price of a car in the world
the most popular brand of hardware is hardware business , with % of homeowners using it .
the world 's most expensive country to live in
the number of accounts has steadily increased over the past year .
the world 's most popular language by number of native speakers
the number of international visitors to the website
the number of users has steadily declined in recent months , dropping to ##.## million .
the number of branches from the rest of the world
the use of dating and apps
the number of people who have moved in the past year
line graph showing the number of vehicles .
the number of people who have travelled to the world 's largest regions .
the chart shows the revenue of the companies , in millions of dollars .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by % to units in the year .
the market is expected to grow at a rate of % per year .
the number of visitors to the website has increased by ##,### .
a bar graph showing the number of claims processed , referred , and resolved .
a line graph showing the number of cars sold in the first half of this year .
the number of people in the world
the number of internet users has steadily increased over the past few years .
the world 's most popular person , by number of votes .
the number of people living in the city has increased from #### .
the number of people who have moved to a new home has increased steadily
the number of cases has risen from the top list of countries .
the number of people who have been killed by the police has increased exponentially over the past decade .
how much money you can make in industry
the number of vehicles registered in the first half of this year .
a graph of the number of products sold by each brand .
the line graph of the number of reported cases
the number of people who have left the country has increased by % .
the number of vehicles in the world
the number of facebook users in the world
a graph showing the growth of the internet
the number of bets placed online in the region
the most popular keywords in each category
the number of visitors to the website
a line graph showing the number of employees .
chart showing the average number of hours spent on social media per day by country
the number of arrests in the country has increased significantly in recent years .
the number of people who have been killed by trains has increased in the past year .
the graph shows the number of times the word approval was used in the news .
the number of olympic games has steadily increased over the years .
the chart shows that a majority of users only or mostly view live events
the world 's most visited country by number of visitors
the number of people who have left the country has increased , with an average of ###,### .
the world 's most popular person has been revealed by the latest ranking .
the number of mobile users has grown exponentially over the past year .
most popular major on the internet
the chart shows the number of drivers in the market
the number of international visitors has grown exponentially , with visitors in the first quarter of this year up % from the same period last year .
the number of people living in poverty has increased for the first time in years
the majority of users are accessing the internet via mobile devices
the number of customers has increased by % .
with the data , you can see which of your users are using which method
the number of vehicles registered has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of employees in the region
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the past decade
the most common reason for not going outside is lack of motivation .
the top - rated brand in the world
a graph of the projected growth of exports and imports .
the number of contributors in the community , as reported by the website .
the number of people who have been arrested for using the internet has increased significantly .
the graph shows the age of the users .
the number of arrests in the country
the number of registered drivers has steadily declined .
one of the most popular venues in the world , has hosted olympic games .
the number of times people have purchased a product or service online has increased .
the more you know , the more you care .
the top countries in the world
the number of customers who have rated a company as good or excellent .
the number of internet users has increased by more than ##,### in the past year .
the same data as the previous chart , but grouped by time of day .
the number of people living in poverty has increased for the fifth straight year .
the number of internet users is expected to reach millions by the end of the year .
the graph shows the number of people living in poverty .
the number of cows and goats per state is shown in this chart .
the number of registered vehicles has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the students are more likely to attend a college or university than other students
the number of visitors to the site
the more people who answered , the more data .
the world 's largest importer of oil
the number of times a domain was visited
the number of people in the world
the number of registered drivers has increased exponentially over the years
the most popular country in the world
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily declined .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by more than ## times in the last year .
the line graph shows the number of people who have been released from prison .
the growth of the global market
top followers in the world
the number of recorded songs has increased every year .
the number of people in prison has steadily increased over the years .
country has the highest number of new cases per million people in the world
the number of people using the internet has grown exponentially over the past year .
the cost of the ship
the most popular countries in the world
the number of customers is growing significantly compared to other countries .
the graph shows that the majority of visitors are speaking languages other than english .
the number of people who have moved out of their parents home has increased steadily over the past decade .
the most popular language of the world
the world 's most expensive countries for a round of golf
the number of people who have been killed by police has steadily declined over the past few years .
the graph shows the proportion of people who have moved in the last year
the number of cars sold has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of workers who are more likely to travel for work is higher than ever before
the number of articles published in the first quarter of the year
the percentage of customers who have purchased a product from a brand in the past has increased in all regions except the west .
the number of people who have been in prison has increased steadily over the past years .
a graph showing the number of orders placed
most popular posts , by number of likes , on social media
the number of people who have been arrested in the past year .
image of the results of the query
the graph shows the number of visitors from different countries .
the graph shows the most popular products purchased online .
the number of check - ups has increased among older adults .
the growth of the global banking sector
the state with the highest unemployment rate is the state
the most popular city in the world
the world 's largest countries by number of cars
the number of people who have completed secondary education has increased .
the growth of the global food and beverage market
the number of international students has increased by % to students .
a screenshot of the table showing the number of employees in each year .
the number of people who have visited tourist attraction
the number of connections per month
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
the most popular song in the world
a screenshot of the website showing the number of cars produced per country
a higher percentage of consumers are in - house than out - of - house .
the same data , broken down by age group .
the number of flights per month
the graph shows the number of people living in the country .
the number of deaths per country
the number of tweets per account has increased by a third .
the line graph of the number of arrests
the graph shows that the number of registered drivers has increased significantly over the years .
the number of people living in the country has increased by % .
the most popular brands , as reported by viewers .
the world 's largest economies by total
the number of people living in the city has increased from #### .
the number of tweets per day in the period from october to december was at its lowest in years .
the number of flights to and from russian federal city has increased .
the number of people who have traveled abroad is higher than ever before .
the graph shows the number of visitors by age
the line graph shows the percentage of people who have been in the country for a longer period of time
the data shows that the most popular products are those that are sold at a loss .
a growing number of people are moving to the city .
the average age of the population has steadily increased over the past few years .
the graph shows the support for political party .
the growth of the global market for automotive electronics
chart of the number of registered vehicles in the world
the line graph shows the average monthly temperature for a city .
the number of people living in the city has increased by thousands .
a graph showing the decline in the number of bank accounts
a line graph showing the number of transactions per day for a specific account
the chart shows the monthly average of the loan
with its foreign exchange reserves has become one of the largest countries in the world .
line graph of revenue and expenditure
a line graph showing the number of cases per month
the average number of calls per day has steadily increased over the past year .
the graph shows the proportion of people who have moved in the last year
the number of raised funds has been much higher than the number of funds raised .
the most watched sports events in the world
the number of cars and trucks sold
parents are concerned about the impact of ...
the number of cars sold in the country
the number of students in the us
line graph showing the number of people in the world
the most popular universities in the world
the graph shows the average number of times a player interacted with the game in the last week .
the number of cases of disease in the world
chart showing the number of registered drivers in the country
the number of people who watched the video , in millions .
the graph shows the amount of times users have interacted with a video in a given time period .
the number of people who have been in prison has increased steadily over the past decade .
a line graph showing the increase in the number of people using the internet
the majority of people who have been infected with the virus have been in public places .
the graph shows the number of visitors by age .
the most popular presidential election in history
the number of people who have been living in the country for more than a year has increased .
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
if you 're wondering how to make your website look like a search engine website , here 's a quick guide to the search engine optimization .
the popularity of apps has increased dramatically .
the growth of the internet - related jobs
the number of unique email addresses per country
a line graph showing the number of employees
the number of vehicles sold has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the most popular mailboxes are on - premises , with % of users switching to the cloud .
the growth of the global market for mobile phones
the number of times users have visited a website has increased .
the same data , broken down by industry .
the world 's largest electric car market by sales
a line graph showing the number of imported and exported cars in country
the most popular categories of websites
the number of people who have moved to the city has increased significantly .
in the park , the average square meter is much smaller than in other tourist attractions .
the graph shows the number of people living in cities .
the number of people who have moved in or out of the city has increased .
the most expensive luxury brands in the world
the number of international tourists visiting country has increased by % .
the number of followers has increased significantly in the last few months .
the world 's most popular movies , by sales , has been revealed in a new chart .
the number of people living in the city has increased .
a line graph showing the decline in the number of people living in poverty .
the best country in the world for the best air quality
the number of employees in the top companies
the number of cases of disease has been rising in some areas .
the number of people who have been in prison
the number of cigarettes used in the world
the most popular drink in the world
the graph shows the number of imported parts .
the number of vehicles per capita has been steadily declining for the past few years .
a chart showing the expected growth of the banking sector
the graph shows that a large percentage of the respondents are not aware of the law .
the chart shows the percentage of patients who have experienced each symptom .
the number of people who have moved has increased .
the number of tweets per country has been one of the highest in the last few months .
the number of cars per capita has been steadily increasing over the past decade .
the line graph of the number of people
the number of registered vehicles in the world
a screenshot of the new data visualization .
the same data as the previous chart , but now showing the number of stores in each country .
the average age of the population has increased
line graph showing the percentage of people who have ever used a credit card in their lives .
the graph shows the percentage of people who have traveled abroad .
the number of people who have been killed by police has steadily declined over the past few years .
the same data as the chart shows , in percentages .
the most popular tweet by politician , as measured by the number of likes .
the graph shows that the support for the president is declining .
the graph shows the percentage of people who have experienced each of these issues
line graph showing the decline in the percentage of people who have been in prison .
the number of articles published on the internet is growing exponentially .
the same data as the previous chart , but showing the growth of the population in the regions .
the number of registered persons in each industry
most popular social media accounts in the world
the graph shows that the majority of the traffic comes from the mobile devices .
the most popular author in the world
the number of subscribers to the internet has grown exponentially over the past decade .
the same as the previous graph , but for social network
the number of employees has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the graph of the number of customers who paid in different currencies .
the number of arrests has increased for the third year in a row .
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of people living in the city has increased by ##.## percent .
the number of people living in cities has increased by more than ##,### from the year before .
a graph of the assets of the bank
the most popular game in the world
the most popular website in the world , by traffic
a higher number of visitors to a website means more revenue
the number of goals scored by each player in the current season .
the number of people using the internet has grown exponentially over the past decade .
the number of people who have bought international tickets
the number of registered vehicles has increased by % to units in the first half of this year .
the number of visitors to the website .
the number of deaths in the world .
line graph showing the growth of the population
the number of people who have been killed by police over the years .
a higher share of the market , but still a small percentage of the total .
the same data as the previous chart , but grouped by disease .
the number of registered vehicles has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the past years .
the number of cars sold has increased exponentially over the years .
the cost of pet food is rising at a rapid rate , especially for the items that are most in demand .
the world 's largest car market by sales
a screenshot of the data from the study .
the most popular open educational resources
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the years .
consumer research : a chart showing the actions consumers take after seeing an ad
the market share of the global market
the number of people who have visited tourist attraction times
the number of vehicles sold has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the graph shows the percentage of products purchased online .
number of likes on facebook per country
the number of characters is almost half , compared to the number of superheroes .
a bar graph showing the number of people who have registered for each language .
the number of international students has increased by % to students .
number of performances , from the top charts .
the number of people who have been in prison has steadily increased over the past decade .
a graph of the number of immigrants arriving to each province .
the chart shows that the market share of the top brands is very close .
the number of internet users has steadily increased over the past few years .
the number of arrests in the first half of the year
chart showing the highest number of international students in a country
the number of posts in the blog
the number of attacks has increased by % .
a line graph showing the number of cars sold in the us
the number of people living in the city
the number of people who have been arrested
the number of people who have moved to a city has increased by %
the graph shows the increase in the number of smokers .
the number of people who have been infected with the virus has steadily increased over the past year .
the number of international visitors to the website
the number of cars sold
a graph showing the number of people who have been in prison
most shared posts on social media
the number of households with internet access has increased dramatically over the past decade .
the percentage of students who are black is higher than the percentage of students in the general population .
in the world , the most demanded product is smartphones .
the most expensive city in the world for a date
with the number of cars per capita , the country is among the top importers of cars in the world .
graph of the top lines of code
the average speed of internet connections
the number of people living in poverty has fallen .
power generation in hours per day .
the most popular brand in the world
the graph shows the number of airports in the world
a graph showing the share of total employment
the most popular item in the world
the smart - wearables market is booming , with the majority of the growth coming in the first half of this year
the number of technical personnel in the armed forces has increased by % in the last year .
the graph shows that a large percentage of customers are not interested in the idea of a digital passport .
the graph shows the total number of internet users .
the most important issues for voters , by percentage
a graph showing the number of flights per month
the number of subscribers to the world 's largest social network has been declining .
a large percentage of men and women are interested in travel
the most popular country in the world
the graph shows the number of people living in the city .
a bar graph showing the use of social media in different environments
the world 's most popular person
the number of people who have used a public transport service in the past month
table of the number of executions of each method in the world .
the world 's most popular currencies by country
line graph showing the number of deaths per year .
the number of stations in each province .
the number of tweets about the visa
a line graph showing the number of people in custody .
the number of vehicles per capita has been steadily increasing over the years .
the number of people who have been deported has increased by more than ## times .
a line graph showing the rise and fall of the average age of people .
the number of employees increased by % to ##,### .
the graph shows the number of students in each category
a graph of the annual interest rate
the growth of the internet of things
the graph shows that the majority of the respondents are under ##
the world 's largest brands by number of monthly unique visitors
the number of times people interacted with each feature was revealed , such as snaps , stories , and events .
the world 's largest brands have changed their strategy , according to the latest data .
a graph showing the number of visitors to the website
chart showing the average number of hours spent on social media per day by country
the most popular social media sites among men and women
the growth of the number of registered drivers has been steady for the past few years .
the number of people in the world
the league has the highest percentage of fans who are happy with their administration
the number of people living in the country has increased for the first time in years
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
the graph shows the percentage of people who have ordered each item on their list .
the most popular languages in the world
the number of people who have crossed the border into country .
the number of cars on the road has increased steadily over the past years .
a line graph showing the increase in the number of visitors .
the number of flights per day
image of the number of entries in the table
the number of tweets per month
the number of digital music downloads and streaming
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the years
a graph shows the number of people who have registered for a job .
the number of people in the world
a graph showing the share of employment in the private sector
the growth of the internet has been accelerated by the pandemic .
the rate of international tourists has increased exponentially over the years
a line graph of the number of emails sent
the number of airports has increased from ##,### to ##,### .
the number of people who have seen a website in the past week has dropped .
the world 's most expensive countries to fly to from the us
the number of people who have been arrested for using the internet
the world 's largest nuclear power plants by country
the number of people who have moved has increased , with % of those moving in the past year .
the number of flights per day over time
the graph shows the percentage of payments made on the top payment methods .
line graph showing the decline in the number of people working .
the graph shows the number of people living in the country .
the number of people using the internet in the world
the number of people employed has increased
a graph showing the decline in the number of registered drivers
the graph shows that the majority of followers are from countries .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
there are more countries in the world than ever before .
the world 's most popular airline has been revealed , and it 's not the one you think .
the number of calls increased by ##.## percent in the first half of this year
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the years .
the number of followers of the most popular models in the world
the graph shows the number of emails sent by country .
although the price of the product is the lowest , the competition is fierce .
the number of times people have seen a post
the majority of the shoppers prefer to buy online
the number of mobile users has steadily increased over the past year .
the graph shows that the majority of customers are under ## .
a line graph shows an increase in the number of arrests .
chart showing the number of medals won by country in the olympic games .
the growth of the mobile app market
a bar graph of the number of sales in the us
a screenshot of the pie chart showing the distribution of the data
the number of visitors from different countries
the number of mobile users increased by % to over ## million .
the graph shows the percentage of customers who paid for their purchases .
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the past few years .
the growth of the internet has been explosive .
the line graph showing the percentage of people who have visited the website in a given period of time
the number of visitors to the website is far greater than that of any other city .
the number of people living in the country has increased from #### .
this graph shows the number of confirmed cases , active cases , and deaths .
a chart showing the growth of the average monthly salary
the number of registered drivers has been steadily declining for the past few years .
the world 's most visited city by visitors
the number of people living in the country has increased by more than ## percent .
line graph showing the growth of the average size of homes
the most important reasons for choosing a destination is the cost
a bar graph showing the number of leased vehicles .
the number of passengers per year
a line graph showing the number of people who have visited the website .
a chart showing the sales of jewelry , as reported by industry .
the number of bars per 100000 people in the most recent survey , which is a little lower than the national average
a graph of the first million numbers
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily increased over the years .
the most popular tweets by country and by region
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily increased over the past year .
the number of visitors to the website by region
the number of electric cars on the road has increased exponentially .
the most popular songs in the world
the world 's most expensive country to live in
a graph shows the number of employees in the country .
country has the highest average number of hours of sleep per week among the top countries in the world
the highest revenue per customer
the number of vehicles sold in the year
the graph shows the average age of men and women .
the number of tourists has increased for the first time in years .
the most popular car in the world
a graph showing the share of the economy in the years
the number of cars sold has been steadily increasing over the years .
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the years .
the number of tweets per day
the growth of the global market
the number of international students in the top countries
the world 's most expensive country to live in
the number of vehicles sold .
the number of people who have cancelled their plans due to the pandemic
the popularity of games has changed dramatically , according to the latest data .
the graph shows the number of people who have been killed by the use of firearms in the last year .
the most expensive coffee in the world
the graph shows the percentage of products you buy in bulk .
chart : the number of entries in the top countries
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the past few years .
the number of times the word
the number of vehicles registered has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the graph shows that a large percentage of customers are not interested in the idea of a digital signature .
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
the world 's top gambling cities
this graph shows the number of registered drivers in the country .
the graph shows the number of people who have applied for a job .
the number of visitors to the website by country
the world has already seen a lot of the top - ranked players in the tournament .
with the most shares , person is clearly the most popular brand among investors .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of international passengers has increased significantly over the past years .
the world 's top universities by number of students
the most popular titles in the world
the world 's largest countries by total exports
the graph shows the most popular ways to access the internet .
the market share of the top smartphones
chart : the number of entries in each category
the same data , in a bar chart .
the number of people living in poverty has decreased .
the number of people who have been infected with the disease
the average cost of a new car has risen , with an increase of % in the past year alone .
the graph shows the percentage of people who have ever been to prison in their lifetime .
the graph shows that the percentage of deaf people is much higher than the percentage of the hearing population .
the most popular activities to do in a city
the number of cars sold in the country
the most expensive banks in the world
the bar graph shows the percentage of students in each ethnicity .
the most popular types of travel
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily increased over the past year .
the number of international tourists has increased for the first time in years
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of attendees at each event
the world 's most popular apps , by number of downloads .
the number of internet users has steadily increased over the past few years .
the number of internet users has grown exponentially over the years .
a graph showing the number of subscriptions
the number of customers who have made a purchase via social media has increased .
i have watched all of the series .
the number of vehicles per 1000 people has been steadily declining for the past few years .
the graph shows the number of times a website was visited in a month
another screenshot of the table showing the number of records for each of the different categories .
the world 's most popular countries by the number of tourists
the number of cars sold in the country
the number of donors from the top countries
figure : a list of cities in the area where you can click to see the data source .
the number of cars sold in the first half of the year
the most popular payment methods have changed
the average speed of internet has increased by %
the number of digital downloads in the first season of the show .
the number of people employed has increased by more than ## times over the past decade
the number of children and young people in care has increased by % .
the average is still far from the top of the list , according to this poll .
the number of registered drivers has increased steadily over the past few years .
the number of people employed in the private sector has been steadily declining .
the number of foreign residents
the most popular car in the world
the number of registered drivers has increased significantly in the first half of this year .
the number of calls to the helpline has increased by ##.## %
the number of people who have been killed in the streets has steadily increased over the past year .
the same data as the previous chart , but grouped by industry .
a screenshot of the table showing the ranking of football team over the years
the number of vehicles imported by country
the number of cars sold has been steadily declining for several years .
the number of people who have been homeless for more than a year has increased by more than ##,### .
the number of registered drivers has increased significantly over the years .
the graph shows the increase in the number of cars sold
line graph showing the number of users
most popular university in the world
the number of customers has increased by % , with the majority of them spending more than £ ###
although the park drew more visitors than any other park , it was not among the top parks .
line graph showing the number of jobs in the country
the number of flights has increased by ##.## percent in the past year .
a graph showing the number of people who have been deported
the most popular service in every country
the graph shows the percentage of people who have booked flights online
the graph shows the production of medical goods and services in the country
the number of international tourists visiting country has increased by % to people in the year .
the bar graph shows the percentage of students who are black , white , or hispanic .
the number of people living in the city has increased from #### .
the number of people who have moved has increased by nearly ##,### .
the number of people who have moved has increased from #### .
the most popular music app
the growth of the global market for mobile phones
a graph showing that more men than women are visiting the site
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily increased over the past few weeks .
the number of sales in the country
the most expensive country in the world
the graph of imports and exports
the highest number of deaths per million people in the world are in country
line graph showing the number of deaths
the graph shows the number of people who have experienced each of these issues on the internet .
the number of cars sold in the first quarter of this year
the percentage of employees who have experienced a breach of personal data has increased .
the share of the population aged between ## and ## is steadily increasing
a graph showing the number of viewers in the us
a pie chart showing the domestic spending
number of imported firearms in the country
the line graph shows the ranking of the most important factors for consumers when choosing a hotel .
the graph of the number of people who have visited the website
the world 's most popular website by number of unique visitors .
a graph of the number of people living with hiv
the number of people aged 20 to ## has increased for the first time in years
the number of users has increased by more than ##,### .
the number of votes for the most popular parks has been revealed in a new poll .
the number of cars sold
the number of visitors to the website was higher than expected in some months .
the number of people who have registered for a job
the number of internet users has grown exponentially .
line graph showing the percentage of people who have heard of the brand .
line graph showing the number of stations .
the number of cars imported has increased for the fifth year in a row .
a graph of the country 's imports and exports
the proportion of people who have travelled abroad is higher than ever before .
graph showing the share of total employment in the country
the line graph showing the percentage of people who have ever been to prison
the purpose of social media
the number of registered drivers has increased for the first time in years
the number of cars sold has increased for the fifth year in a row .
a graph of the cost of the average unit of production
the most popular person in the world
the average price per unit : growth in the average price per unit .
the number of people living in the city has increased from #### .
the number of people with disease is growing .
line graph of the number of people who have been jailed
the number of people living in cities has increased by more than ##,### since the last year .
a graph shows the number of arrests made by age .
the number of people living in the city
the world 's most expensive countries
the most popular political party in the world
the number of cars sold has increased for the fifth year in a row .
food is the most popular topic on social media , with % of users posting about it daily .
a screenshot of the record showing the price realized in dollars and pounds .
the number of visitors to the website
the number of people living in the city has increased exponentially over the last century .
the number of cars sold has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the more competitive the market , the better the service .
the number of foreign tourists visiting country has been on the rise .
the number of arrests and convictions has steadily declined over the past few years .
a graph showing the number of vehicles sold
the number of direct writing and agent leads has increased
the world 's most powerful passports
the world 's most polluted cities
the number of people living in the city has increased by nearly ##,### .
the number of tweets per hour
the number of customers who have declared their income is much higher than the number of customers who have declared their income .
a bar graph showing the number of patents in each of the top countries
the average time customers spend on the website
the graph shows that the amount of oil sands produced has increased dramatically .
the number of registered drivers has increased steadily over the past years .
the brand has been able to maintain a high share of the market among the top brands .
the number of registered vehicles has increased significantly .
the challenges of startups in the current environment
the graph shows the average age of people in the country .
the growth of the global car market
the growth of the number of people who use the internet has been much faster than the growth of the population
the graph shows the steady rise of the demand for the country
a line graph showing the rise in the number of arrests
the number of women who have given birth has increased by ## .
the chart shows the decline in the number of people traveling abroad .
the number of people in the city
the average age of men and women
the graph shows the most popular languages used by hackers .
the world 's most popular country by country
the most expensive city in the world
the number of airports has increased from ##,### to ##,### .
the proportion of women in the workforce has increased steadily over the past decade .
the world 's most popular players by total points
the number of people who have moved in and out of the country has increased
the number of crimes in the census designated place has increased .
the world 's most popular companies by revenue
the number of people who go online has increased exponentially
the number of cars sold in the first half of the year
the number of installations has doubled in the last year
a bar graph shows that the majority of visitors are male .
the number of people living in the city has increased from #### .
the number of customers who have spent more than £ ###
a bar graph of the number of cars sold in the first half of this year .
the graph shows the increasing number of women .
the number of airports has increased from ##,### to ##,### .
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily increased over the past few weeks .
the number of people who have left their jobs has increased , with % of those leaving in the past year .
the number of customers who have made a purchase .
the number of foreign residents has increased steadily over the past decade .
the number of immigrants to each province has dropped .
the number of companies in the food and beverage industry
average salary in the world
the number of people living in the country has increased for the first time in years .
a screenshot of the ranking of country in the world
the graph shows the number of visitors by age .
no loss of equipment , only loss of equipment
the number of registered vehicles has increased by more than ##.# million .
country has surpassed republic in the world 's top - five imports of coffee , according to the latest data .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by more than ## percent .
the number of visitors to the website is far greater than that of most countries .
the graph shows the percentage of people who have experienced a seizure .
line graph showing the number of jobs .
the graph shows that the majority of users are men , with a third being women .
the number of calls from countries
the number of registered drivers has steadily increased over the past few years .
the number of major incidents has increased , up from ##.# million in the previous year .
a line graph showing the rise in prices .
the more personalized the message , the more clicks it gets
a screenshot of the number of visitors to the website
the graph shows the number of times each brand was mentioned .
line graph showing the increase in the number of people living in the country .
a graph showing the number of orders that have been transferred to a customer .
the global car market has grown exponentially
the most popular industry in the world
the graph shows that the most popular categories of products are down .
a graph showing the nominal and real prices of the property
the number of registered drivers has steadily increased over the past year .
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the past years .
the growth of the automotive industry
the number of deaths in the country has steadily declined over the past decade
a graph showing the annual rate of change in wages
the number of people living in poverty has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of times each channel covered the games , as well as the total number of hours covered .
the difference in the number of customers who have made a purchase
the world 's most popular person
country of the world - visitors to the website
the most connected device is still the internet , according to the survey
the number of vehicles per capita has been steadily declining for several years .
new world record : average time spent on the web by country
the world is on the verge of a digital revolution
a line graph showing the increase in revenue and spending
the number of people who have left their country is higher than the number of people who have returned .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of internet users has grown exponentially over the past few years .
the number of passengers on the tube has increased by ## per cent
this is how many doctors in my area
the number of people in the prison
the number of people who have moved in the past year
the number of people who have purchased headphones based on the way they heard about it .
the world 's largest economies by total water
the graph shows the proportion of people aged 15 - ## who have been vaccinated against disease
the average age of men and women
the number of arrests in the country
the number of airports has increased from ##,### to ##,### .
chart showing the highest number of searches for popular destinations
the most popular vehicles of the month
the number of customers has increased by % to customers .
the graph shows the number of visitors from provinces .
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has been steadily increasing .
the number of active accounts has increased by % to over ## million .
the number of registered drivers has steadily declined over the past year .
line graph showing the number of cars sold .
the number of companies that have issued shares to employees
the line graph shows the average monthly number of visitors .
the percentage of tourists who visited tourist attraction , up % from the previous year .
most popular app in the world
the number of books and articles published .
the number of people living in the country has been steadily increasing for decades .
the number of flights per year
the number of people who have left the country has increased by more than ##,### .
the number of published papers in the last year
line graph showing the number of arrests .
this graph shows that person has more than twice the amount of votes than politician .
chart showing the number of children with each disease in the year .
the number of people living in the city has increased for the first time in years .
the graph of the high import and export
a chart showing the share of the economy in the ####s .
the percentage of children in the age group who have a parent who is not in the same household
the number of customers has increased by % .
the number of people who have used at least one prescription drug in the past year .
the number of registered drivers has steadily increased over the past few years .
a graph showing the number of abortions .
a bar graph showing the number of visitors to the website
the number of campers in each province .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the past few years .
the number of patents in the world
in the world of cinema , there are actually quite a few companies that have more screenings than the public .
the graph shows the most popular themes from the survey .
the number of uploaded videos on the platform has grown exponentially .
the growth of the internet has been explosive , with the number of active users increasing by more than ##.# million .
a line graph showing the number of users
line graph showing the percentage of people who have moved in the last year .
a line graph showing the increase in the number of people using the internet .
the graph shows that the majority of the users are looking for information on mobile devices .
the number of people living in cities .
a graph showing the annual growth of the airline
the number of internet users has grown exponentially over the years .
chart showing the number of visitors from each country to the website .
the world 's most popular brands by sales .
a line graph showing the increase in sales
an example of a table showing financial performance by country .
the number of apps users use daily has increased by % .
the line graph showing the number of people using the internet every month
the number of people living in the city has steadily declined over the past decade .
a line graph showing the trend of the number of complaints
the number of registered vehicles has increased by more than ## percent in the past year .
the graph shows that the majority of the people support monarchy
the number of registered vehicles has increased by ##.## percent in the first half of this year .
the number of registered trademarks has steadily declined over the past years .
the average number of calls per hour has steadily increased over the past few years .
the most popular domains in the world
the number of calls per month
the number of people who have moved has increased steadily over the past few years .
most popular country in the world
the number of passengers has increased by %
the number of apps and users
the number of people using the internet has steadily grown over the past few years .
the growth of online travel has been double - digit
the most popular game of all time
the number of cases in the provinces
line graph of the number of people living in poverty
the number of people who have been killed in road accidents
the number of people who have left the country has increased for the fifth consecutive year .
a graph of the total production of oil
revenue by country in the world
the most popular car in the world
the number of cars sold in the country
the number of vehicles sold in the year
the number of employees has steadily declined over the past few years .
the number of tweets from the top brands
the number of jobs in the us
the number of flights has been steadily declining .
the number of people who have been in prison has increased exponentially over the past decade
the graph shows the share of the market for each category of products .
crime rate in the world
the number of people who have always been fashionable
the amount of calories in each of the items is much higher than you might expect .
a graph showing the concern about climate change
the number of passengers has increased by ##.## percent
the growth of the market
the number of vehicles sold in the country
the number of people using the internet has grown exponentially .
the number of public and private employees has increased
the graph shows that the share of the market has increased steadily over the years .
chart showing the average number of calls per hour for the top cities
the most popular month for us to travel is actually january .
the most common result is that it makes file sharing easier , but not all of the results are positive .
the number of arrests for drug related offences has increased in recent years .
the most popular states in the country
the number of times people have visited the website
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily increased over the past few months .
the graph shows the share of the global market of each segment .
the number of personnel in the armed forces
image of the number of calls per day , week , month and year
since the company started , the number of commercial customers has grown from 0 to over ###,### .
the number of flights per day , as well as the number of flights per day , has been declining .
the number of tweets per day
the number of patents has increased significantly over the past decade .
the number of users who have visited the website has increased .
line graph showing the rise in the number of immigrants .
the number of people who have been infected with the virus has steadily increased , reaching ##,### .
the number of people who spend more than an hour a week online is high .
a graph showing the share of the economy in jobs
the most popular app in the world
the number of vehicles registered has been increasing for the first time in years .
the number of people who have visited tourist attraction times .
most popular brand in the world
the graph shows that a large percentage of the people agree with the statement
the number of tweets per month
the number of federal prisoners has increased dramatically over the past decade .
the number of households in the us
a graph showing the number of abortions in the state .
sports league has the highest revenue among the major leagues in the world
the number of mobile phones in the world
most goals by player in a season
the trend seems to be moving in the wrong direction .
the number of confirmed cases of disease
the highest possible score is 8 , the lowest is 5 .
the number of registered drivers has increased steadily over the past few years .
the graph shows that a large percentage of users are not interested in the idea .
the number of prisoners has increased exponentially over the past decades .
the most popular social media sites
revenue from the sale of digital music has grown exponentially in recent years .
line graph showing the number of people living in the city
the number of registered vehicles has increased by ##.## percent
a graph showing the number of tweets and likes received by the message .
the most popular genre of movies
the most visited city in the world
the most popular activities on social media
chart showing the number of registered vehicles in the state
a graph of the number of families , as well as the number of children in each family .
if you 're not in the top users , you 're not in the top category .
the graph shows the percentage of respondents who have ignored , ignored , or did not respond to the posts
a graph showing the annual decline in revenue
the number of people living in poverty has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of people who have been arrested
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
the number of employees in each industry
the number of customers has increased exponentially over the years
the same data as the previous chart , but grouped by country .
there are more people with eating disorders than ever before .
the price of the car has been steadily rising , with an average price of $#,### .
the number of flights per day has been steadily increasing over the past few months .
the graph shows the percentage of users who have experienced problems with the app .
the number of vehicles in the city
the number of people who have visited the website
the rate of people who have moved out of their parents home has increased steadily over the past few years .
production of gasoline in the world
country has a much higher share of international tourists than country .
the most popular countries in the world
with the new data , we can compare the number of home runs from the top players in the league .
a screenshot of the new data visualization
a graph showing the benefits of the app
the number of registered vehicles in the region
the number of vehicles on the road has increased by more than ## percent .
the growth of the global market for electric vehicles
the graph shows the number of customers who have heard about the brand from various sources .
the number of cars sold
no access to public toilets
the number of vehicles registered by the end of the year
the most popular app in the world
a large number of customers have moved to other providers , showing in the chart .
the number of visitors to the website
the most popular apps in the world
the average cost of a wedding cake
the number of registered vehicles has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of people who have cancelled their orders due to dates
the number of people who have visited the site , the number of visitors per month .
the use of the internet has grown exponentially over the years , reaching % of the population .
the graph shows that the number of people who visited tourist attraction in july was the highest .
the trust in the world
the growth of the global market for cars
country with the most visas issued by country
the number of international tourists has increased significantly compared to last year .
the number of people living in the country has increased from #### .
a line graph showing the average number of hours of sleep people get each night compared to the world 's average .
the number of tweets per day
the same chart , by country
the number of connected devices has increased by % to over ### million .
a graph showing the annual revenue of the company
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of customers has increased by % to ##.
the number of visitors to the website has increased by more than ##,### .
the number of cars sold in the country
the number of visitors from abroad is growing exponentially .
a chart showing the number of visitors
a country in the world
the number of vehicles registered has increased for the first time in years
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
the graph shows the percentage of users who have seen the ads
the number of international tourists visiting country has risen by % .
the most popular subjects for students
line graph showing the increase in the number of people who have been vaccinated in the last month
the number of vehicles sold has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of people who have visited the website from around the world .
most popular words in the world
the chart shows the number of graduates and dropouts over time
the graph shows that a large percentage of customers are satisfied with their experience .
the number of cars sold has steadily increased over the years .
the number of people who have left the country has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of people employed in the country has increased for the first time in years .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by more than ##,### .
the average age of the population is higher
the average age of the population has increased significantly .
the average age of women who have had a baby is now ## .
the number of tourists visiting tourist attraction has increased by % in the first half of this year .
the graph shows the share of the market for food delivery
the graph shows that the majority of customers are satisfied with the service
a graph showing the increase in the value of exports
the world 's most popular languages by country
the number of people living in the city has increased steadily over the past few years .
the number of monthly unique visitors to the website .
a graph showing the number of times a country was mentioned
the number of times people checked their phones per week has increased .
country has exported more wine than any other country in the world .
state among the states with the highest rate of reported cases per person
the world 's most popular players have a lot of common traits .
a graph showing the growth of the private sector
the graph shows that the number of foreign born has increased significantly .
the graph shows the tax rates of the federal government
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the years .
a line graph of the number of times a person has been arrested over time
the number of people who have bought alcohol sanitizer and face masks
the most goals by a player in a single season , from person .
the number of deaths from the disease has steadily declined over the past few years .
the most popular accommodation type for us travelers was accommodation feature
the graph shows the average time spent on social media per day .
the line graph shows the growth of the us and japanese exports
the number of ships in the fleet
a graph of the number of vehicles registered in each country .
the number of people living in the country has increased by more than ## percent .
the graph shows the increase in the number of women in the workforce .
the number of visitors to the website has doubled in the past year .
the most popular songs in the world
most popular genre of music
the number of times the word
the number of cars sold in the first half of this year has been steadily declining .
the number of registered drivers has increased steadily over the past years .
the same chart , but now showing the number of times each category was mentioned .
this graph shows the number of mobile users who visited the site .
chart showing the average number of hours of sleep per week among the population aged ## .
the graph shows the percentage of people who have moved in the last year .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
chart of the average number of calls per hour for the top cities
a line graph of the number of calls from the previous quarter .
a large number of customers moved to a different platform , according to the report .
a screenshot of the top countries by number of donors
the number of registered vehicles has increased for the fifth year in a row
the number of people who have used the internet has increased exponentially .
the line graph of the number of arrests .
the support from customers has decreased .
the number of registered vehicles has steadily declined over the past year .
the number of flights per year has steadily increased .
the most popular website in the world
the number of people who have been in prison has increased steadily over the past decade .
the share of the population employed in the private sector
the most common request for improvements in the office is
the number of people who have been killed by trains has been significantly higher in some regions than in others .
the number of people living in the country has been steadily increasing for decades .
the number of registered users has increased by % to ###,### .
the growth of the adhesive market
the number of companies that have changed their name in the last year
graph showing the percentage of construction jobs in each sector
the graph shows the total amount of funding in the different sectors .
the graph shows the percentage of households that have earned more than $##,### a year .
the line graph shows the increase in the number of people who have been infected with the disease .
the graph shows the results of the survey
the number of people in the world
the graph shows the percentage of customers who paid for their purchases in cash .
the number of registered vehicles increased by % to units in the first half of this year .
a graph showing the number of employees in the company .
the number of times a website is visited
a graph showing the number of registered vehicles in the country
there are many regions where the average number of cigarettes smoked per person is higher .
the number of cars sold has increased exponentially over the years .
the size of the forest is not the same in all countries .
line graph showing the national average of smoking rates
the same data as the previous chart , but now showing the share of voters who have been influenced by each of the following : politician
line graph showing the increase in the number of people living in poverty .
the number of visitors to the website
in the app , the most popular features are selling products that work with the app
the number of registered vehicles has increased by nearly ##,### from the previous year .
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
the world is divided by country
the chart shows the annual growth rate of the price of gold
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the years .
the number of passengers has increased by ##.## percent .
with the number of phones in the market , the following chart shows the market share of each brand .
a screenshot of the data from the census .
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of internet users has steadily grown over the past few years .
a line graph showing the increase in the number of calls
the most popular content is based on the number of views .
the number of people using the internet has increased by %
the most popular category of content , by time spent
the most expensive item in the world
the number of people living in the city has increased from #### .
the number of people who visited the website , on average , increased by % .
the highest - paying job in each industry
the government should not regulate the internet
contribution to the national economy
the number of internet users has increased exponentially .
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
the number of people who have moved in and out of the country has increased steadily over the past decade .
the most popular features in apps
the graph shows the highest average score of the country
the number of people who have been arrested times .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the graph shows that more men than women are wearing face masks .
the number of monthly unique visitors .
country ranked among the top countries in the world
the number of people who have been killed by police in the past year .
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
a chart showing the number of registered drivers has increased exponentially over the years .
the majority of the public believe that the government is not doing enough to protect minorities .
the number of cars registered has increased .
the number of registered drivers has steadily declined over the past year .
a graph showing the number of tourists visiting country and the country .
the most popular website in the world
the number of vehicles registered in each province is shown .
the line graph showing the number of people in the world
the world 's most popular countries
the number of people who have moved in the past year
the average hourly wage in each industry
the number of flights per day
a pie chart showing the percentage of users who use each platform
a graph of the number of confirmed cases .
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
the most popular cosmetic procedures in hospitals
the number of comments on the posts .
with the amount of time spent on social media , it 's no surprise that facebook is the most popular app .
the graph shows that the percentage of millennial customers who are interested in buying a car has increased .
the number of people who have moved to a new home has increased steadily over the past year .
the number of passengers has been increasing steadily over the years .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of people living in the country has increased for the first time in years
the number of employees has steadily declined over the past year .
graph of the world 's most recycled material by industry
the number of people who have left the country has increased by % to ##,### .
the most popular brand in the world
the graph shows that the number of smartphones is growing exponentially , while the number of tablets and laptops is declining .
the number of visitors to the website has increased by more than ## times in the past year .
the number of customers in the last month
a bar graph showing the number of times a website was visited over a period of time
the number of cars sold has been steadily declining for several years .
the same as the previous graph , but now by social media platform
the number of sales of each brand
the number of people who have been arrested for using the internet
a screenshot of the results of the survey
the graph shows the number of users who have visited the website .
a screenshot of the data from the database
the more you communicate , the more people are likely to respond to you .
the number of customers who have experienced a loss in their wallet has increased by % .
a screenshot of the results of the 4th search
the number of flights per hour
the most popular beer in the world
the confidence in the future
the average age of the population
line graph showing the decline in the number of people living in poverty .
the number of people living in cities has increased from #### .
the most popular cities in the world for couples is not where you might expect
chart showing the number of visitors to each website .
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
the number of people living in the city has increased
the number of deaths from road accidents has increased in the last years .
a graph of the world 's annual production of recycled materials
the number of tweets per brand , as reported by the social media monitoring tool .
the graph shows that a large percentage of customers are not happy with their experience .
the world 's most popular artists by number of followers .
the impact of technology on business
a doctor for every specialty
the number of people who think gay marriage should be legal has increased by a whopping % in just a year .
the graph shows the percentage of users who paid for the site
a bar graph showing the top most recent major storms in the us
the number of cars in the world
the graph shows that the majority of visitors are from mobile devices
a graph showing the traffic to the website in a period
the most popular brand in the world
the graph shows the proportion of people who have used public transport in the past year
a screenshot of the results of the same data as the previous table .
the number of customers who have left us in the past year
food and drink , by energy consumption per hour
a line graph showing the number of tweets per day .
the number of women in the workforce is on the rise
the number of registered vehicles has increased by ##.## per cent .
the price of chemicals around the world
the number of people who have been infected with the virus has been steadily increasing .
number of visits to the website by region .
one of the first charts showing the number of transactions per day in the country .
the graph shows the growth of the population .
line graph of the monetary base
the number of employees has steadily increased over the past few years .
it 's clear that celebrity is still the queen of social media , with more followers than any other person .
a graph of the number of responses to the question
the number of visitors on the website varies depending on the device used .
the latest sales figures for the latest cars
the world 's most popular brand
the number of tweets from the month
the number of people who have both , only , and no tattoos has increased .
the graph shows that men are more likely to be affected by the issue
most read newspapers in the world
a bar graph showing the number of votes cast by politician and person .
a graph showing that the majority of visitors are from mobile devices .
the world 's top - selling cars
a graph showing the number of tourists visiting country has increased .
the most popular items purchased online
the number of mobile users has increased exponentially .
the number of tweets from the year
the graph shows the number of people living in poverty .
a line graph showing the import and export of country
the trust in the police is at a low
the difference in the number of shoppers who entered and left the store
the number of employees in the public sector has increased by % .
the results of the survey , in the form of a pie chart .
the number of flights per month
the graph shows the total number of flights and revenues
the graph shows the amount of waste in the world .
the most popular search engine is now % of all searches .
the total number of donations to politician is far less than the number of donations to politician .
the percentage of children with at least one parent in foster care is much higher than the percentage of children in foster care who are adopted .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
most popular cities for a job
the percentage of white people is significantly higher than the percentage of black and hispanic people .
the world 's most popular languages by number of native speakers
the most popular languages in the world
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the years .
the graph shows the percentage of customers who have purchased from your store in the past .
the same data as the previous graph , but for public transport .
a line graph showing the growth of the population .
the number of votes for each party .
the world 's most popular countries
the number of visitors to the website has increased exponentially over the past year .
the number of internet users has increased steadily over the years .
the number of employees has increased by more than ##,### .
the survey found that % of respondents were in favor of the idea , while % were against it .
the number of people living in cities has increased for the fifth consecutive year .
graph showing the percentage of employed people in the sector
the chart shows the increase in the number of subscribers
the number of people living in cities has increased from ##,### to ##,### .
the number of views per video of person has surpassed that of person .
the number of people who have moved in and out of the city has increased .
a graph showing the total number of vehicles sold
a graph of the number of jobs in each sector .
the number of people living in the city has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of attacks per second has steadily increased .
the most popular search engines in the world
despite the fact that internet users and social media users are growing at a rapid rate , they are still a very small percentage of the total population .
the graph shows the share of revenue in each category .
a graph showing the number of policies with a provider .
the number of mobile users has increased exponentially over the past year .
the gender gap in the workforce has narrowed slightly
the number of registered drivers has increased dramatically over the past decade .
the growth of the number of mobile users
the number of people who have left the country has increased by ##.## per cent .
this image is text based and explained in the surrounding text
the number of people who have used public transport in the past year has increased .
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
the number of people living in the city has increased from #### .
the most popular person in the world
the number of lawyers in the top ranked firms has increased in the latest survey .
the growth of the global market for electric vehicles
the graph shows that a large percentage of voters are against the idea .
pie chart of the number of people who have stayed the same
using the phone in public
a pie chart showing the number of users
the number of open tickets has increased significantly , reaching a peak of ### , ### .
the graph shows the percentage of people who identify as ethnicity .
the number of registered vehicles in the country has increased steadily over the years .
the growth of the informal sector
the graph shows that the majority of consumers are not sure about the brand of the product they are buying
country has the highest number of total police officers in the world
a line graph showing the increase in the number of people using the internet
with the number of visitors coming from abroad , it 's no surprise that country is the largest .
the cost of gas per state
a line graph showing the number of complaints per month
the trend of increasing the use of images over text
this image is text based and is not accessible by screen readers .
the number of siblings according to the survey
line graph of the number of prisoners
a graph showing the number of patients in each category
chart showing the number of registered drivers in the country
the number of facebook likes for the selected period
the number of registered vehicles has been steadily increasing over the years .
the number of people in the world
the number of contracts has steadily declined over the past year .
the share of the population aged ##
chart showing the top sources of natural gas in the world
the number of people who have visited the sites has increased by % , with % of those visits being from mobile devices .
the pie chart shows the results of the poll
the graph shows that the number of viewers for the event was .
a graph showing the change in the number of customers
the line graph shows the annual growth of loans .
the number of funds raised from the general public
the same data as the previous chart , but broken down by industry .
the number of arrests in the first half of the year
the number of flights per year .
a graph shows the number of deaths by age group .
a graph showing the growth of the economy
the number of tourists per province is one of the most important indicators of the country 's tourism industry .
the graph shows the percentage of vehicles with no engine , outboard engine , and so on .
most popular trading on the world
chart showing the average number of hours spent drinking alcohol per week by country
despite the fact that sports association is much larger than sports association , the number of paid fans in the league is much lower .
the graph shows the number of users who have logged in via social media .
the percentage of tourists who have visited country
the pie chart shows the percentage of watches and jewelry bought on the platform .
the graph shows that the number of people who agree with the statement has increased by more than ## percent .
the share of people who have heard about the brand via different channels
a stacked bar chart shows the percentage of children who have completed different levels of education .
the most expensive car in the world
a line graph showing the percentage of people who have ever been to a country
the bar graph shows the average number of days spent in the hospital
the number of likes and comments on a post can be a good indicator of how successful it is .
a screenshot of the revenue and cash flow source of software
the average tax rate on a car is now % , slightly below the state 's
the graph shows that the number of people who voted for politician was much lower than the number of people who voted for politician .
a graph showing that men are more likely to cancel a flight than women
the number of customers who have left the country has increased , on average , by % .
the number of people who have been deported .
the number of people reported to have been injured in the attack .
the number of people who have moved has increased
the graph shows the percentage of investments in alternative assets
a graph showing the annual growth of the number of registered drivers
the number of registered vehicles has increased by more than ##,### in the past year .
the chart shows the percentage of the total number of songs uploaded by country .
the growth of online sales
the number of people living in the world
the graph shows the number of people living in the country .
the graph shows that a large proportion of the population is concentrated in the larger cities
the number of tourists has increased for the first time in years
the growth of the automotive industry
the number of people living in the country has increased for the first time in years .
the number of countries and territories visited by the top traveler
the number of people who have moved in and out of the country has increased steadily over the past few years .
line graph showing the increase in the number of visitors to the site
the number of vehicles registered in the province is far greater than that of any other province .
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased .
the most popular countries in the world
a chart showing the share of employment in the country
a bar graph showing the number of users in each of the top companies .
the number of tweets on the website
the number of registered vehicles has increased by more than ## times in the last year .
the number of arrests per month
the percentage of students who have graduated from high school or higher varies significantly by ethnicity
the number of cars per capita is much higher in the east .
a graph showing the rapid growth of the market
the number of visitors to the website has increased by more than ## times .
i have no shopping problems from my computer , but i like that i can shop anywhere from my mobile device
the growth of interest in the past years
this image is text based and is not accessible by people with a visual disability .
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily increased .
the most popular meat in the world
the growth of the internet - related traffic
the world 's most expensive cities for rent
the number of views per song was much higher than that of person .
the graph showing the proportion of voters by age .
the number of people in the world
it seems that the majority of the people have been using the app .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by ##,### .
line graph showing the percentage of people who have used a credit card in the past year
the graph shows the number of registered vehicles increased by % in the year
the number of users of mobile operating system has surpassed that of operating system in the first quarter of this year .
the new model is a hit with fans .
the number of cases of the disease has increased by more than ##.# million .
the number of people who have not complied with the measures
the same data as the chart .
the obesity rate seems to be higher among the groups of people .
the number of employees has steadily declined over the past year .
the number of accounts in the world
the world 's best sport , by country
a graph showing the annual growth of the market
the same data as the previous chart , but broken down by country .
the number of vehicles sold .
the number of people living in cities has increased significantly over the past century .
there is no doubt that the average age of the customers is getting older .
the number of accounts increased by % to accounts .
the most popular courses in the world
the pie chart shows the percentage of people who are concerned about the situation
the number of visitors to the website has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of people who have visited a city times .
the number of customers increased by % in the first half of this year .
line graph showing the number of flights per day .
the number of registered drivers has steadily declined over the past few years .
a line graph showing the increase in the use of mobile devices .
number of articles in the top most read list .
the graph shows that the majority of consumers are not impressed by the ethical side of the brand .
a line graph showing the percentage of people who have used the internet in the past year
the graph shows that respect has been declining .
the number of buildings in the city
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the past decade .
the number of people who have supported the protests has dropped .
the number of people who have moved in and out of the city over the years .
the cost of a hotel room , by country
the line graph shows the decline in the number of complaints .
the number of flights between major cities
the world 's most expensive cities for a night out
the graph shows the proportion of people who have been in prison over time
the largest cinema in the world
the most popular activity on social media
chart of the amount of food wasted in the uk
the most popular car by number of sold vehicles
the graph shows the most popular ways to interact with a product
the most popular reasons for using the internet
the number of registered vehicles has steadily declined over the past year .
the rise in rent is more than offset by the decline in the number of properties
the world 's most powerful currency by country
the number of real farms has increased .
the world 's largest producer of oil
the value of the top oil and gas companies in the world
the graph shows the average monthly cost of a new car .
chart of the number of registered vehicles by country
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the past few years .
a screenshot of data showing the number of families in the us .
the number of flights per year
the same chart , but for the world .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by % in the first half of this year
the bar graph shows that the country is not as good as the country in many aspects .
chart showing the average hours of sleep per person per day among the world 's most active countries
line graph showing the number of sales per month .
the number of people who have registered for a job .
the graph shows the number of people living in the country .
the number of visitors to the website
the number of students in the profession
the number of registered vehicles in the country
the black population is growing faster than the white population .
a line graph showing the monthly number of complaints
this data shows the average time visitors spend on a website .
the number of people who have been in prison has steadily increased over the past few years .
chart showing the top states and union territories in terms of number of cases .
the number of people who have left the country has increased by % to people .
the number of people living in the city has increased significantly over the last century .
the line graph shows the decline in the number of people using public transport .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the survey also asked people how they monitored their health and finances .
the most popular reasons for travel
the same chart , but now showing the top companies by revenue .
the most popular date in the month
the number of arrests increased by % in the first half of the year .
chart showing the number of registered vehicles in the country
the chart shows that most consumers are interested in the following actions when buying online :
the most expensive city in the world for a date
a graph showing the number of people who have been reported missing and recovered from the virus .
the line graph of the number of calls
most popular social media accounts in the world
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
the top hospitals in the city
the world 's most popular currencies by country
a chart showing the number of visitors to the site over the years .
the number of visitors to the website has increased exponentially over the past year .
the number of people living in the city has increased .
a bar graph showing the number of times each brand was mentioned .
the number of people who have used the internet in the last year
the growth of the airline industry
the most popular mobile apps for each category
the average cost of a car has risen steadily over the past decade
the most expensive cities in the world
the graph shows the number of orders for a city and a city .
most searched for brands in the world
most popular country visitors to the site
a large number of visitors are men , compared to women .
the number of visitors to the website has steadily increased over time .
the proportion of women in the workforce has increased
the number of active users has steadily declined .
the number of cars sold has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the country has the highest number of foreign tourists per capita .
this graph shows the number of followers in the last month .
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of cars per capita has been steadily declining for the past few years .
the cost of the average customer has increased , up % to $##.## .
the number of monthly visitors to the website
the line graph of the number of attacks
the graph shows the percentage of customers who have purchased products in the past .
the world 's largest economies by gross domestic product
a line graph showing the number of attacks per month .
a screenshot of the number of international visitors to the country
a line graph showing the number of monthly visitors to the site
negative impact on my business due to the virus
a line graph showing the number of complaints per year .
the number of visitors to the website has increased by % .
the number of cars per capita has been steadily declining for the past few years .
with the rise of streaming , the share of smart devices has increased dramatically
the survey found that the majority of the respondents were willing to spend more money on travel
technology has changed the way we communicate
the number of websites has increased exponentially over the years .
country in the world
the number of passengers has increased by ##.## % in the year
chart showing the number of tourists in each country .
the same data as the previous chart , but grouped by category .
the graph shows the share of adults who have used the internet in the past year .
the number of calls per month
the number of arrests has steadily increased over the past few years .
the number of visitors from the world 's top countries has increased by % .
the graph shows that a large percentage of tourists have heard about the country .
the graph shows the increase in the number of people using internet for personal reasons
a bar graph showing the percentage of students by ethnicity
the number of tweets from each of the top users
the number of companies that have changed their name
the most used app in the world
the number of votes per country in the poll
the number of tweets per brand .
there seems to be a higher percentage of men than women who have achieved a credit score of 5 .
a graph showing the number of patents granted
in - flight access to internet , regardless of the flight
chart : average number of tweets per day per country
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of visitors to the website has increased by more than ##,### .
the growth of the automotive industry
the most popular person in the world
a graph showing the number of visitors to the website
the same data as the previous chart , but grouped by disease .
survey conducted online , how many times a week do you do the following ?
the number of cars on the road has increased by more than ## percent .
the number of visitors to the website has increased exponentially over the years .
chart showing the average number of hours spent on social media per day by country
the number of registered drivers has been steadily increasing .
the number of tourists visiting tourist attraction is much higher than the number of visitors to the country .
with the growth of the internet of things , the demand for sensors is growing exponentially .
the number of people living in the city has increased from #### .
the number of cars per capita in the world
the number of customers has increased by ##.## percent .
the number of vehicles on the road
a graph of imports of goods
the data is based on the latest data from the government .
the most popular coffee in the world
the graph shows the share of passengers paying for services by country
average internet speed in the world
the music was the most popular reason for spending time
a bar graph showing that the majority of people believe in the government
a graph showing the number of calls made to the number .
most of the world 's most dangerous countries
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
line graph showing the number of people living in poverty
a graph of the monthly average of the cost of electricity .
a line graph showing the increase in the number of calls
the graph shows that the majority of visitors are under ## .
the number of people living in the country has increased for the fifth year in a row .
a graph shows the number of passengers travelling by train .
the number of arrests per month
chart showing the highest number of arrests for drugs in cities around the world
a line graph of the number of tweets per day over time .
the graph shows the proportion of people aged between ## and ## who have been in prison
the number of people living in the city has increased by % .
the number of tweets per day
the number of people who have been arrested times .
the share of people who have moved in the last year has increased from % to % .
the top cities in the world
the most popular songs of the world
the number of jobs in the us has increased
automotive industry business has sold a total of cars in the first half of this year .
the market share of the market
the number of registered voters is far higher than the number of actual voters .
a graph showing the growth of the economy
the number of arrests in the years
number of countries that have nominated and nominated in the past .
the number of prisoners in the country has doubled in the last decade .
line graph showing the decline in the number of new cases
the number of jobs has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of visitors to the website has increased exponentially
country with the most tourists per capita
the average cost of a car is now % more than a year ago .
the number of people who have left the country has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the growth of the global market for electric vehicles
the number of people aged over has increased for the first time in years
the number of people living in the country has increased for the first time in years .
the number of cases of coronavirus per day
the number of registered drivers has steadily increased over the past few years .
the number of people who have been arrested times has increased .
the graph shows the percentage of sales in the top brands
a pie chart showing the number of companies in each industry
the most popular activities in the world
most powerful earthquakes in the world
the cost of the average customer , has increased by % .
a graph showing the number of electric cars sold
the number of registered vehicles has increased by more than ## times in the last decade .
a line graph of the data in the previous table
the popularity of music has declined
the same data , but by age group
the percentage of students who have not completed high school
the most common issues in the cloud
the number of cars sold has been steadily increasing over the past few years .
the growth of the global market
the graph shows the reasons why people have taken the pill .
the number of people who have been in prison has increased significantly .
a graph shows the number of visitors to the site by age and gender .
the graph shows the reasons why people are going on a holiday
line graph showing the number of cars per capita .
data from the same hospital and the same period of time .
the average number of people who have been homeless for a long time .
the graph shows that revenue has steadily increased over the years .
the number of patients who have registered for a physician 's appointment is higher than the number of patients who actually visited a physician 's office .
the amount of wine imported from other countries is much larger than the amount imported from the us .
the pie chart shows the spending on business travel .
the number of airports has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of vehicles sold has steadily declined for several years .
number of complaints per country
the number of people who have travelled by air has increased
the world 's largest beer brands
i have heard about the action before buying some products
a line graph showing the import and export of country
a chart showing the percentage of international students who have received a visa
the most popular cities in the world
the number of games in the finals has increased significantly in recent years .
the graph shows that the majority of the customers are not interested in the idea of a digital passport .
the most popular domain names in the world
chart : the number of students in each subject
the number of imported cars from other countries
the most popular brands in the world
the graph shows the revenue split of the online fashion store
if you want to find a job in any industry , what is your main interest ?
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of flights per day has been steadily declining over the past year .
the average number of drinks per person in pubs and hotels was much higher .
the number of cars sold in december
the number of employees has steadily increased over the past decade .
the number of times a team has won a game in a row is a significant factor in the ranking .
there are companies that have raised more than $## billion in venture capital .
the number of people who have travelled abroad has increased significantly , up from % to % .
the number of people who have been homeless for more than a year has increased
the best companies in the world
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
the number of people who have visited tourist attraction is significantly higher than the national average .
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
the population of the city
the number of people living in the country has increased from #### .
the number of mobile users has increased exponentially over the years
the world 's most popular languages by number of native speakers
the number of international tourists visiting country has increased by % .
line graph showing the decline in deaths
the number of calls per hour was typically high in the evening and early morning .
a bar graph showing the percentage of immigrants living in the province
the number of registered drivers has increased steadily over the past few years .
the most valuable brands in the world
a graph showing the number of vehicles sold in the region .
the graph shows the average number of hours spent by the average person on social media per week
graph showing the share of electricity from renewable sources
a graph showing the number of employees per branch and per year .
the number of vehicles sold has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of internet users has steadily grown over the past few years .
the number of registered vehicles over the years
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the years .
the most common medical conditions in the world
the number of items imported is much higher than the number of items exported .
the growth of the internet has been explosive .
the proportion of students who are enrolled in higher education has increased
the number of vehicles sold has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the most popular industry to work in
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the graph shows that the majority of players are players and viewers .
a line graph shows the monthly growth of retail sales .
the survey also asked respondents what they thought was the most important issue in the world .
the graph shows that the majority of visitors are men .
the survey showed that the majority of the respondents were satisfied with their stay .
the most popular games of all time
the number of vehicles registered has been on the rise for several years .
the share of the market has been steadily declining , dropping to % in the latest quarter .
the graph shows the number of products imported in the period .
this is a screenshot of the data .
the world is becoming more connected than ever before , with the majority of mobile users now living in cities .
the line graph showing the number of arrests per month .
the average age of the population in the world and regions
the number of registered vehicles has increased by more than ## times in the last decade .
a graph showing the number of tourists visiting the region .
the fastest growing products in the world
a large number of visitors have left the country .
the use of the internet has increased among men than women .
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has been steadily increasing .
revenue by sector of the economy
the cost of the service has increased more than revenue
the chart shows the number of visitors from each country
the number of people who have moved has increased by nearly ##,### .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by % in the past year .
the most popular article of all time
the number of people living in the country has been steadily declining .
the growth of the global market for electric vehicles
the cost of electricity from different sources of energy
the number of people who have been in prison has increased steadily over the past years .
the cost of a pint of beer in the top cities
the number of passengers in the airport has increased by % .
the line graph showing the number of arrests per month .
the graph shows that the percentage of people who have moved has increased significantly over the years .
the most popular country in the world
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the years .
the most expensive things in the world
the number of people living in poverty
the number of cars sold in the first half of the year was ##,### , ### .
the number of security personnel per country
the number of people who have moved in the last year has increased by %
the number of comments per day
the line graph of the number of arrests .
the graph shows the percentage of metal used in each industry .
the number of cars sold has increased exponentially over the years .
the chart shows the number of tourists visiting each country .
the number of cars sold
the impact of information on ethical consumer
the number of calls per day , and the number of calls per hour , have been steadily declining over the past few months .
the number of cars sold
the number of drugs seized by the police
the line graph shows the decline in the number of people working in the industry .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially
the number of registered drivers has increased significantly over the past year .
the number of internet users has grown exponentially over the past year .
the world record for most goals in a single season is held by boxer .
the number of people who have visited the site has increased by ##.## percent .
the number of new accounts created per day
the number of cars on the road has increased steadily over the past years .
the world 's largest country by total exports
the number of cars sold
the number of arrests has increased exponentially over the years .
a graphic shows the number of members in the organization .
a graph showing the most popular browser used by users over time
the same amount of time before lockdown
the number of visitors from each country
the number of international students in the top universities
the graph shows that the number of registered vehicles has increased by %
the number of people who have visited tourist attraction has increased by % .
the number of cars exported from each country
the graph shows the most popular items left out for pets .
chart showing the number of comments on each of the top posts
the number of times they receive real - time notifications has dropped .
the average number of hours worked in the profession
the average cost of a car
the support for the support has dropped .
the number of people who have died in the disaster
the chart shows the annual percentage change in the number of registered drivers .
the average cost of a ticket to a movie
the most watched sports in the world
the bar graph shows the percentage of black , non - hispanic , and gender .
the number of times people have visited the website
the growth of the global market for mobile phones
the number of airports has increased exponentially over the years .
the most expensive universities in the world
the number of registered drivers has steadily declined over the past year .
a graph showing the number of tourists visiting country .
the growth of the online gambling market
the number of followers from each province and territory .
the graph shows the number of prisoners in the country has been steadily declining over the past decade .
the number of people using the internet has increased exponentially over the past few years .
the number of tourists visiting the region has increased by % in the first half of this year .
the top cars and trucks
if you want to know how much plastic is in your food , check out the top products .
a chart showing the average time spent on the internet by state .
the number of people in each city .
the most popular brand in the world
a bar graph showing the growth of the global economy
chart showing the number of times each brand was mentioned in the top tweets .
the number of people living in poverty has increased for the first time in years .
most popular names of the most popular names
the same chart , but now showing the data in a table .
the graph shows the level of education of the population
the number of cars sold in the first half of this year .
country with the most online users in the world
a graph showing the annual growth of the population
a bar graph showing the number of times a city was mentioned in the media .
the most important factors when buying a product
the graph shows the annual growth of the company
the number of people who have moved in and out of the country has increased steadily over the past decade .
the number of people who have heard of country
a line graph showing the progress of the project over time
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
the graph shows the number of jobs in each category .
the number of cars sold has increased by % to units in the first half of this year .
a bar graph showing support for gun ownership among registered voters
the chart shows the percentage of people who have heard about the events from various sources .
the number of registered vehicles has increased for the fifth consecutive year .
number of visitors from each country
the number of employees has steadily increased over the past few years .
the number of international flights has increased by % in the first half of the year .
in the world : the most popular songs by artist
line graph showing the number of cars sold in the united states
the most popular music genre in the world
the same chart as the previous one , but now showing the proportion of men and women in the house of representatives .
the world 's most populous countries by population
line graph showing the annual change in the number of people employed
the number of people who have been deported has increased from ##,### to ##,### .
the number of people who have been killed in the streets has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the graph shows the number of ads per year
the number of internet users has increased exponentially
the number of online shoppers is growing exponentially .
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
despite the fact that the number of followers on facebook has increased significantly , the number of followers on twitter has remained relatively stable
the chart showing support for politician in the latest poll
the number of people living in poverty has steadily increased .
chart of the number of downloads of each version of software .
the price of gas in the country
the graph shows the educational background of the residents
a line graph showing the monthly sales of the product
a family is a group of people
a graph showing the number of people who have signed up for a free trial
the number of people who have registered for a visa has increased significantly .
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
a graph showing the number of orders received in the ##nd and ##th quarters .
most popular website in the world
the graph shows that the consumption of alcohol and tobacco products has increased significantly over the past years .
the number of cars per 1000 people has been steadily declining for the past few years .
the number of animals registered in the database
image of the table showing the number of sales by country and by year .
the number of people who have been killed or injured in earthquakes .
a graph showing the growth of the private sector
the number of registered drivers has steadily increased over the past few years .
this is a screenshot of the data table from the app .
the number of visits to the most popular sites
a line graph showing the number of tweets per day for the month of may .
the number of people who have moved
the number of people who have sought medical help for a mental health condition is much higher than you might think .
the number of cars sold in the country
the number of registered vehicles has steadily declined over the past few years .
the number of people who have visited the website , which shows an increase in visitors .
the graph shows the proportion of people who have been in prison
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
the number of foreign tourists visiting country is growing at a rate of % .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of accounts has increased steadily over the past year .
the graph shows that the number of male and female users is growing steadily .
the number of prisoners has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the chart shows that the rate of people who have been in prison has increased significantly .
the number of people who have visited the website at least once
the number of vehicles in the country has increased from #### .
the number of employees has been steadily increasing over the past few years .
the world 's top countries by export
line graph showing the percentage of people who have visited country in the past year
the number of calls increased by % to ###,### .
the number of people living in the city has increased steadily over the past few years .
a graph showing the share of total employment in the country
the first cases were reported .
a line graph showing the number of monthly visitors to a website over time .
country has the most deaths per capita of any country in the world .
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of tweets per person , including tweets from the current week .
the average number of calls per hour from the police
the growth of the mobile market
the number of people who have been deported has increased steadily over the past year .
the graph of the audience
the number of hotels in the world
i would rather receive a homemade christmas card
a screenshot of the new data visualization
the number of people who have been killed by police has steadily declined over the past few years .
the use of internet has increased significantly in recent years .
a graph showing the number of registered vehicles
the percentage of people who have at least one book in their hands from around the world
the graph shows the number of bookings for a city versus a city .
the number of people who have consumed alcohol has increased in recent years .
a line graph showing the number of clicks per day on the website
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the years .
i 've lost the taste of sugar , but i 'm still eating it because ...
a line graph showing the number of imports and exports in country
the number of customers who have visited the site has increased significantly .
a graph showing the number of customers serviced per year .
the number of registered drivers has increased by ##.## percent .
the growth of the number of people who use the internet has been much faster than the growth of the population .
the number of unique visitors to the website in the first half of this year was ##,### .
the world 's most popular currencies
the graph shows the number of people living in the country .
a line graph showing the declining share of the population that is obese
line graph showing the number of people in the world
the number of registered vehicles in the world
despite the fact that country has the fastest internet , the country still ranks in the bottom half of the world .
the number of people living in poverty has decreased for the fifth year in a row .
chart showing the average number of hours spent on social media per week by country
the graph shows that % of the rich inherited their wealth , while % of the poor earned it .
the number of firearms produced in the world
the most popular posts and pages on social media
chart showing the average number of hours spent drinking per week among the population
a chart showing the number of people who have moved .
chart of the average number of times a word is used in the first year of the newspaper .
the graph shows the percentage of purchases made in the us .
the average speed of the internet has been increasing steadily over the past year .
the cost of a hotel room in major cities
the most popular countries in the world
the number of foreign tourists visiting country increased % in august
the number of deaths per year .
line graph showing the growth of the population
the number of people who have left the country has increased by % .
the number of people living in the city has increased by ##.## percent .
the number of mobile phones in the world
the number of children is clearly declining .
the number of vehicles sold increased by % in the first half of this year .
the number of people living in the country
the number of users , as well as the number of users who have logged in , has steadily increased .
the number of international students in the world
the coffee market has seen a steady rise in sales .
a chart showing the number of arrests over the years
the growth of the global airline market
the lack of doctors and hospitals is a big issue
the number of people who have left the country has steadily declined over the past year .
the most states have more than a million residents .
the chart shows the number of tickets sold by event , by type of event and by country .
the number of people who have moved to the city increased by % .
the number of customers who have changed their mind about buying a product
the growth of the internet has been explosive , with the number of active users increasing from 1 billion in the year .
the graph shows the annual growth of the company 's revenue
the top companies in the world
line graph showing the number of international visitors to the country
the number of registered vehicles has increased from #### .
chart showing the highest rates of drug - related deaths in the states
the number of vehicles per capita has been steadily declining for several years .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of early adopters and early adopters of computers has increased
with the rise of connected devices , the percentage of purchases made on the internet is growing exponentially .
the number of people who have had a relationship
chart of the top countries by number of visitors to the website
the world 's top most popular website
the most popular cities in the world
a graph showing the annual revenue of the company
the graph shows the goals companies set for digital transformation
the number of registered vehicles has steadily declined over the past few years .
the number of cars sold has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of vehicles sold has increased for the first time in years
the pie chart of the results
the graph shows that more than half of households are spending more than 5 on food .
chart showing the average number of drinks per person in the world
the number of registered drivers has increased steadily over the past year .
the most important things parents have restricted their children from doing online
this is the data i want to get .
the number of people who have been in prison has increased steadily over the past years .
the number of times the word
with its high number of visitors , country is among the top destinations .
the number of arrests in the year
the number of cars registered in the country .
the number of people who have used the internet has increased exponentially .
the most important information is missing from the label
country that has the most visitors from other countries
the number of arrests in the city has increased by more than ## times in the last decade .
a graph showing the number of trains per month
the number of times the word , trademark , has been searched for has increased exponentially .
the world 's most popular language by number of native speakers
the most popular new year 's resolutions
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased .
the number of vehicles sold .
the same chart as the previous one , but now showing the number of sources for each .
the most popular person in the world
the number of deaths from smoking has decreased .
the graph shows that the most important factor is the price .
the most popular posts of person
the number of international students in the top universities
the number of vehicles sold in the year
the number of imported cars from country is much higher than that of country .
the proportion of the population in the age group has increased in all regions
the number of airports has steadily increased over the years .
the cost of manufacturing has increased by %
the world 's top - selling country by number of cars sold
the most popular candidate for the presidential election
the number of aircraft in the history of warfare
most people in the uk are not following the rules
line graph showing the number of cars sold
this graphic shows the number of cases and documents related to each institution as well as the number of cases and documents that are shared with the public .
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the years .
a line graph showing the percentage of people who have used the internet in a given period of time
the graph shows the number of new cases of disease per day .
the graph shows that the percentage of young people who have had a relationship has increased .
the number of times the word , person , has been searched , has increased in the past year .
a line graph showing the decline in the number of people working in the industry .
the average number of messages per user .
the share of people who have been in the country has been on the rise .
the most popular drinks in the world
the number of electric vehicles sold has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of registered vehicles has been steadily declining for several years .
the number of vehicles sold in the country
the number of tweets per month
the table of all the games and ratings for the football team
the number of people who have visited the airport has increased by % .
the number of registered drivers has increased significantly over the years .
the growth of the internet of things has been accelerated by the pandemic
the number of employees in the city has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of people who have been in a relationship , has increased significantly .
a line graph showing the number of attacks per month in the country
drinking more beer , according to the survey
line graph showing the number of people in the world
the line graph shows the growth of the average age of men .
the number of registered drivers in the world
a graph of the number of employees in the company
the number of people who have been arrested for using the internet
the average age of the people who have moved .
the number of registered vehicles has been steadily increasing over the past few years .
the most used social media in the survey
the same data , broken down by brand .
the chart shows the number of people who have visited the site , in the last month .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by more than ## percent in the past year
the number of tourists has increased for the first time in years
the chart shows the annual growth of the debt
chart showing the most popular sports among the students
the graph shows that the majority of the respondents are under ## .
import of coffee in the world
the number of employees has increased steadily over the past year .
the number of people living in the city has increased from #### .
the number of flights per year has increased significantly .
the number of cases of disease in the world
the city with the highest percentage of people who say they are not happy with their life is a city
the most popular products in the world
the number of films released
the graph shows the number of men and women .
a graph showing the number of vehicles exported from the country
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the graph shows the average time spent on the website .
the growth of the number of people using the internet has been faster than the population
the number of visitors to the site is far less than that of other cities .
the number of people who have been in prison has increased significantly .
a line graph showing the number of employees in the company over time .
search engine optimization : the most popular websites for search engine
the most popular ways to spend money online
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has increased significantly .
line graph showing the growth of the population
the number of people who have been in prison has increased significantly .
the number of calls to the emergency services has increased by % in the first half of this year
the number of tourists visiting country has reached a new high .
the chart shows the growing proportion of older residents
the young seem to be more likely to vote for politician than the older generation .
the number of registered vehicles has steadily declined
line graph showing the number of arrests per year
the number of tourists visiting the country increased by % in the first half of this year .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by %
a large proportion of men and women are taking the survey
the most expensive city to live in is a city .
a graph showing the number of passengers travelling by air and by train .
the data from the survey in a table format
the number of registered vehicles has increased by ##.## percent .
the gap in the black population
the number of people who have been killed by police has steadily declined over the past decade .
the number of articles published has steadily increased .
the number of deaths in the year
the world 's most popular celebrities in terms of net worth
the number of people who have used a credit card has increased steadily over the years .
the world 's most popular actors and actresses by number of awards .
the number of restaurants in the world
spend more than last christmas
the most popular social media posts
the chart shows the number of followers of each of the candidates .
a graph showing the number of tourists visiting tourist attraction .
with the number of visitors from abroad , country is now the largest market for tourists .
the number of users in the world
the share of tourists by region .
the snack that people eat most is , unsurprisingly , chips .
the number of people who have been infected with the disease in the world
a graph showing the number of calls to each department
the most popular person in the world
one of the charts showing the amount of contracts traded in the market .
the world 's top exporters of goods
the number of patents , which has increased every year .
a graphic showing the number of visitors to the website
a detached house with a garden
the number of people who have moved to the us has increased by % .
the number of cars in the world
the number of prisoners has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of people who have visited the website
the number of flights per month
the fastest console is the one that can run games at the same time
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
the number of visitors to the website
the number of visitors to the website by province .
the number of people who have moved to a different country has increased steadily .
the most popular news in the world
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of internet users has grown exponentially over the past few years .
the number of customers has steadily declined .
the most of the visitors come from states .
the same chart as the previous one , but now showing the number of flights per airline .
the number of people who have been killed in the streets has increased dramatically in the past year .
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the years .
the average weight and height of the person
the number of internet users has increased significantly in the last few months .
the number of people who have moved in or out of the city has increased
the number of registered drivers has increased steadily over the past years .
the most popular food on the internet
the trust in the police has dropped to a low of ## .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by % to units .
the number of marriages and divorces
the most popular watch brand in the world
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of people who have visited the website has increased by % .
i have a mobile phone , what percentage of other people have a mobile phone ?
the chart shows the support for politician among registered voters in each of the states .
the number of internet users has increased by % to users .
a line graph of the number of completed tasks over time
the world 's top coffee - consuming countries
the number of people who have left the country has increased by more than ##,### .
the majority of the consumers trust the government more than private companies
the graph shows the proportion of income that comes from different sources
a graph showing the number of people who have signed up for a free trial
the number of vehicles sold in the year
the number of registered drivers has increased exponentially over the years .
the world 's largest exhibition and convention centers
a graph showing the percentage of people who have moved in the last year .
the number of registered vehicles has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of people has increased by almost ##,### from the previous year .
the number of people travelling abroad for holiday is the highest in years
the number of entries in the world
the number of people who have been arrested has increased steadily over the past few years .
the world 's most popular products by category
the number of people living in the country has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the world 's most popular website in terms of visits
chart showing the number of times each person has been awarded the award category .
the chart shows the average cost of products .
the world 's most popular airline , by revenue , in the charts
a graph showing the number of times each ingredient was mentioned in the tweets .
the number of respondents was significantly higher among men than among women .
the world 's total petrol consumption has increased by % in the first half of this year .
the number of people living in the city has increased from #### .
most popular social media accounts in the world
a line graph showing the number of subscribers
the number of animals in shelters
the number of registered vehicles has increased by ##.## percent
the number of people who have left the country has increased by ##.## per cent .
line graph showing the number of flights per day .
the number of reports of injuries .
a chart showing the percentage of people who eat meat , always , never or never eat this type of protein
the higher the score , the better the customer .
the number of people living in the city has increased from #### .
the number of people in the country
the number of imported vehicles per registered vehicle .
the number of people living in the city has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the world 's top insurance companies by revenue
image of the virus identified in the country
the graph shows that a large percentage of travelers are concerned about the impact of climate change
the average age of the population
the most popular category of products purchased on social media
the number of people living in cities has increased from ##,### to ##,### .
the graph shows the number of times people visit the website .
the number of people who have been killed or injured in the attacks has increased
the impact of social distancing on the world
the most important thing to look for in a man
the most popular brands in the world
the number of users was growing exponentially , with an increase of % in the last year alone .
chart showing the top countries in the world
the number of cars and trucks
a bar graph shows the number of complaints from different age groups .
the number of tourists visiting a city has increased by a third .
a line graph showing the increase in the number of visitors to the website
the data in the table above can be found by clicking on the link .
the most popular services are not the most popular services
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the graph shows that the number of visitors to the website has increased by % .
the same data as the previous chart , but grouped by country .
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
the graph shows that the number of travelers who have improved their travel experience on the phone is much higher than the number of travelers who have not changed or worsened
the most popular skills in the world
the graph shows the monthly change in the cost of the product
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the years .
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the years .
the number of people living in the country has increased from ##.## to ##.## .
the same data , visualized in a bar chart .
the number of followers has increased significantly in recent years .
a chart showing the number of visitors
the number of games has increased by more than ## times in the last year .
a line graph showing the number of jobs in the us
the number of internet users has grown exponentially over the past few years .
the world is changing , but which countries are leading the way ?
the number of people aged between ## and ## is on the rise , with the number of people aged ## and older declining .
the number of hospital beds in the city has increased from #### .
the number of patients with symptoms has been steadily increasing .
the number of international flights has increased steadily over the past year .
the number of employees has steadily declined over the past decade .
number of members in the world
the number of people living in the city has steadily increased over the last decade .
the number of times a website was visited in a year
the average number of tickets sold per game for american football team and sports team
chart showing the lowest rates of alcohol - related deaths in the states
the number of visitors to the website has increased by % in the past year .
the most expensive places to pay employees around the world
the most popular gadget in the last decade
the graph shows the number of flights per day .
the most popular movie of all time
the number of people who have been arrested for using the internet
the number of people who have seen the movie in the top countries
the number of visitors from around the world .
the graph shows the number of people who have used the internet at least once in their lives .
the electric car is far from being the most popular vehicle on the market .
the number of international students in the country has increased by % to students .
the chart shows the average age of the population by year
the number of people living in the country has increased significantly over the past decades .
the number of people who have been arrested
having a lot of followers can be a good thing , but how many of them are fake ?
a graph showing the projected increase in costs
the most expensive countries in the world
the graph shows that the number of registered drivers has increased steadily over the years .
the number of tweets per day
the number of cars registered has decreased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of people living in poverty has increased for the first time in years .
the number of passengers in the airport increased by % to ##,### .
the number of people living in the country has been steadily increasing for several years .
the number of patents in the world
it seems that the majority of shoppers are looking for deals on the following categories :
the number of contracts with other companies
the number of people living in the city has increased significantly over the past decades .
the number of people who have been in prison has increased dramatically over the past decades .
the number of people who visited the airport increased by % to ### , ### .
the graph shows the number of registered vehicles in the country .
the number of employees has increased by % in the first half of this year
graph showing the share of total employment
the brand is the most searched brand
the market share of the global market for mobile phones was % in the second quarter .
the number of customers in the top countries
the results of the poll
the number of people using the internet has increased exponentially .
the most popular job in each industry
the number of vehicles has increased by more than ##,### .
the most popular ways to get a refund on their purchases
line graph of the natural gas
the most popular items in the world
the number of people living in poverty has been steadily declining .
with the rise of religion , the number of adherents has increased .
the number of effective property tax paid has increased for the first time in years .
a graph showing the percentage of frequent , occasional and never travelers
a line graph showing the growth of the country 's exports
the number of people who have been in prison has increased steadily over the past decade .
revenue in the beer and alcohol industry
the number of trains in service has increased by more than ## times in the last decade .
line graph showing the decline in the number of people seeking asylum
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the past few years .
the number of internet users has steadily grown over the past few years .
the number of births to unmarried mothers by ethnicity
the number of visitors from around the world .
a pie chart showing the distribution of the data
the most popular activities in the world
the number of people who have made an online purchase has increased among all age groups , except for the 18 - to - ##s group .
a line graph showing the number of sales per month .
line graph showing the increase in the number of tourists .
the number of cases of coronavirus has been steadily declining over the past few months .
the number of people who have moved to the city has increased by % .
the number of children per woman has been steadily declining for the past few years .
the graph shows that the majority of gamblers are from the states
line graph showing the number of deaths
the number of registered vehicles increased by % to units in the second quarter .
the number of people living in the city has increased significantly over the last decade .
a line graph showing the number of cars sold in the first half of this year .
the number of clicks per minute
chart showing the number of followers of the most popular political parties on social media .
the graph shows the number of cars sold .
the most popular cities in the world
the first year of data visualization
the number of flights per month
the most visited country in the world
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily increased , reaching ##,### .
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
the number of foreigners in the country
the number of people who have used public transport has increased by %
the number of people who have been killed by police has steadily declined over the past year .
the most popular song in the world
the number of deaths has steadily increased over the years .
the number of people who have used the internet has increased exponentially .
the number of users in each category
i developed a health condition that affected my way of life in a significant way
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the years
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the years .
the number of registered drivers has steadily declined over the past few years .
the most popular person in the world
the most popular person in the world
the most popular person in the world
the most popular activity on the internet
the number of people attending the event has steadily declined over the years .
the chart shows the annual rate of growth of the credit card industry .
the most common cause of death in the world
the number of arrests in the area
most popular region in the world
the number of pregnant women has increased from 6 to 7 .
the number of tweets per country , by month .
the most expensive cities in the world
the number of people who have been infected with the coronavirus is far higher than the number of people who have recovered .
the number of flights per month
a graph of the number of vehicles registered in the country .
the number of weapons used in crimes has increased by % .
the number of registered vehicles has been steadily declining over the past year .
the impact of hiring more employees
the graph shows the percentage of smokers among the population .
the number of employees in the company
the world 's largest countries by area
the number of additional cases of disease .
time spent on the internet , reading , and exercise
image of a table of data from a report
the number of adults who use the internet is growing faster than the number of men
the number of jobs in the us has increased by %
the most common reasons for leaving a job
the more people who have a degree , the more likely they are to have been in the military .
chart showing the number of visitors from each country .
the average size of a home in the top cities
the number of people who have visited country more than any other country .
the amount of fuel consumed by each vehicle type is almost identical .
the number of people who have been killed in the city has steadily increased over the years .
the number of cars sold
the number of devices in the market is growing exponentially .
the number of visitors from different countries
the most popular website in the world
the number of cars sold in the year
the number of registered drivers has increased steadily over the past years
the world is consuming more and more of the same products , but not in the same way .
the number of accounts has increased exponentially , with an increase of % in the last quarter .
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
the percentage of people who have ever been in prison has increased
this chart shows the number of visitors to the website over the years .
the number of flights per month has been steadily increasing .
the number of registered drivers has increased steadily over the past years .
line graph showing the number of arrests
the number of registered drivers has steadily declined over the past few years .
the growth of the internet of things
a screenshot of the records for the revenue loss in the us .
the number of tourists visiting italian comune has increased by % in the first half of this year .
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the past few years .
the best cars for fuel efficiency
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has increased significantly .
the number of people who have read emails has increased by more than 3 times
the number of british tourists
a graph showing the number of people infected , recovered and deceased in country .
a line graph showing the growth of imports and exports for a country
most shared content in the world
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years
a graph showing the number of arrests in the area .
the graph shows the number of people living in cities .
the number of people in the world
the number of people who have been affected by the news is more than the number of people who have not been affected .
the chart shows a higher occupancy rate than the average hotel
the number of registered vehicles has increased for the fifth consecutive year .
the chart shows the annual growth rate of revenue .
the graph shows that a large percentage of people spend no time with family during the holidays
the average age of the black population is ##. # .
the most popular words in the world
the graph shows the number of bets placed by country in the period .
the number of customers who said they were satisfied with their experience with the brand , as well as the number of customers who said they were not satisfied .
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
the chart shows a sharp increase in the number of people who have canceled their bookings in the hospitality sector
the number of active users and monthly active users of the app
the number of people who have been arrested
the number of tourists visiting the most popular tourist attractions .
the number of people living in the country has increased by more than ## million in the last decade .
the growth of the global market for mobile phones
the average time spent on the internet by country
the number of cars sold has been steadily declining for the past few years .
the data is in : it 's clear that most people are interested in the information about their friends
the chart shows the average cost of private health insurance in the us .
the graph shows the number of internet users .
the number of electric cars on the road has increased exponentially over the years .
country has the most international visitors .
the most popular social media sites in the world
the most popular presidential quotes from the web
the world 's largest consumer is country , with people .
in the chart , the number of items sold is shown in millions .
a line graph showing the growth of the most popular tree species .
a bar graph showing the annual growth of the airline
this is a graph of the number of cases .
the world 's top - paid brands by revenue
the difference in the number of online channels and sales
there are no signs of a decline in the number of visitors to the website .
the growth of the e - commerce market
the number of tweets per day
the proportion of people who have ever been in the armed forces has increased
the number of registered vehicles has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the most expensive currency in the world
the number of times people visit a website
the graph shows the impact of cyber attacks
cost of energy in the us
the first chart of the number of cars
the world 's largest consumer of energy is country
the use of social media has increased
the graph shows the most important issues for businesses
the number of visitors to the website is far greater than that of any other province .
the world 's most visited country
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily declined .
the world 's largest wine - bottle export
the number of foreign joint connections per country
the growth of the internet has been explosive over the past few years .
the number of people who are worried about their personal health is much higher than the number of people who are not worried at all .
the number of registered users has increased by more than ##.# million .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of cars imported has been steadily declining for several years .
the number of cars sold
the proportion of people who have been in prison has increased over the past decade
the number of registered drivers has increased steadily over the past few years .
the lack of skills is the biggest barrier
the graph shows that the average response rate is lower than ## .
the number of cars sold has steadily increased over the years .
the line graph showing the percentage of people who have visited the website in the past year .
the number of employees in the us has increased by %
a higher share of customers reported that they were satisfied with their experience with the brand .
most populous state by area
the number of cars per resident
the number of cars sold in the year
line graph showing the decline in the number of people using public transport .
the number of people who have been killed by police in the past year .
the number of active venture funded companies .
the race track has set a new record for the most events in a single season
the number of people who have moved in and out of the city has increased .
it seems that the customers are more concerned about the brand than the product itself .
the same data as the previous chart , but grouped by industry .
the same chart , but showing the data in a more compact format .
the most popular ways to communicate
most popular country in the world
the chart shows the number of passengers in each region .
the number of speakers of each language on the internet
the number of people who have been killed in the streets has steadily increased .
doing something one would never consider doing outside a
the world 's largest consumer of imported food
the most common challenges in the industry
the graph shows that the percentage of customers who have purchased from competitors has increased .
the world 's largest importer of oil is country , with oil imported .
the world 's most recent data on cars and drivers .
the most popular brand of the world
the number of attacks resulting in deaths has been on the rise .
the number of cars sold has been steadily increasing over the past few years .
revenue in millions of dollars , by country .
chart showing the number of tweets from each person , including celebrities .
the number of employees has steadily declined over the past few years .
the graph shows that the majority of bookings are made from mobile devices .
the number of active accounts in the company 's website
the number of cars per capita has increased from #### .
the number of times the word
the growth of the global market
the number of apps with more than a million downloads has increased significantly in the past year .
the number of arrests in the first half of this year was more than ##,### .
line graph showing the number of customers
a bar graph showing the number of customers
the number of cars sold in the country
the number of websites has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of people who have moved has increased exponentially .
the number of religious groups in the country
the number of properties sold in the first half of ### .
the world 's top electric car brands by revenue
the growth of the internet has been phenomenal , with the number of active users increasing from ###,### to ###,### .
a line graph showing the rise in the number of people moving .
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has increased .
line graph showing the trend in the proportion of adults who have had a job
chart showing the top most popular items on the internet
the number of public and private universities
a higher number of comments showed up , in the form of a higher number of users .
i found out that the majority of my customers are from other states .
the graph shows that the number of stores has increased significantly in the last year .
the most popular countries in the world
the world 's most expensive cities for rent
the most popular country in the world
chart : what industry are you most likely to find a job in ?
the most popular mobile operator in the world
the number of cars sold has steadily declined over the past few years .
the number of registered vehicles has steadily declined over the past few years .
the graph shows the percentage of customers who have heard about the approval of the phase .
the number of people living in the city has increased for the first time in years .
the number of people who have left the country has increased by ##.## per cent .
the world 's largest export has been surpassed by country .
line graph showing the number of jobs in the us
the graph shows that a large percentage of users are not interested in the concept of digital passports .
this is the image of the combined total posts
the graph shows the percentage of devices that are using the internet .
the number of people who have visited the website in the past month
the same data as the previous chart , but for the most popular products .
the graph of the import and export
the number of people living in poverty has decreased for the fifth consecutive year .
line graph showing the number of arrests per month .
the number of deaths from the disease has steadily declined in recent years .
the number of followers is a lot higher than the number of subscribers .
the number of tourists has increased annually .
the number of employees has increased by more than half
with the right data , you can see that the company 's share price has been rising .
the most popular votes from around the world
a graph showing the number of passengers
the survey also asked respondents how much they spent on travel in the past year .
the number of employees has seen a slight decrease in the past year .
the most popular influencers have gained followers in the past month , with an average of ###,### .
the number of registered vehicles has been steadily increasing over the past few years .
the graph shows that the percentage of tourists who visited country and tourist attraction was higher .
the most popular banks in the world
a chart showing the percentage of drivers who have been approved , registered , and international .
the number of people who used the internet increased by % to people .
the number of cars on the road has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the graph shows that the proportion of people who have been married has increased
the number of arrests in the year
the number of children in employment has been declining steadily over the past decade .
chart showing the number of international students in each country .
the number of people who have left the country has increased by %
the number of arrests per year .
the number of people who have visited the site has increased by % compared to the previous week
the number of people living in the city has increased significantly over the last decade .
chart showing the number of visitors from each country to the website .
i 've got a lot of people asking about the data , so here 's a quick overview .
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the years .
the share of the total population
the number of people living in the city has steadily increased over the past few years .
the same data , but showing the figures in a bar chart .
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the years .
the number of employees in the us has increased by %
the number of visitors to the website
the average age of people who have been married
the number of people living in the city has increased from #### .
the number of people living in cities has increased steadily over the past years .
the number of used cars has increased significantly over the past years .
the number of members in the largest health plans has been declining in this chart .
the number of registered vehicles has been steadily increasing .
the number of attacks on the internet has increased exponentially in the past year .
line graph of the number of people
this chart shows that more than half of the voters in this poll are now on the side of politician .
line graph of the number of deaths
the number of registered vehicles has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of cars registered has increased for the fifth year in a row
the graph shows the proportion of people who have been in prison over time
the number of customers who have visited the site has increased , on average , % .
the graph shows the percentage of users who have purchased a product based on their frequency of purchase .
a chart showing the number of mobile phones
the same data as the previous chart , but now showing the percentage of respondents from each age group .
the number of people who have seen a doctor has increased .
the number of people living in the city has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of registered drivers has steadily declined over the past few years .
the number of people who have been married has increased significantly .
the number of cars sold has been steadily declining for several years .
the number of payments declined , with % of respondents saying they had stopped using the service .
the average number of times we drank each beverage
there are more countries than ever before .
line graph of the number of calls to the number
the graph shows the growth of the global airline industry
the rate of people who have been in prison has increased significantly .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the graph shows the frequency of our customers using the app .
the number of purchases per hour
the average age of men and women in the country
the number of registered vehicles has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of registered drivers has increased by % in the past year
the graph shows the number of employees who approved and disapproved of the message .
the average number of calls per day
the amount of times i have been asked about my travels in the past year
how many of you are using social media ?
the graph shows the number of users who have downloaded the app .
line graph showing the decline in the number of operations .
the world 's most popular artist by number of games played .
the bar graph shows the percentage of customers who have changed their mind about their travel plans .
the number of registered vehicles has steadily declined over the past decade .
the growth of the mobile market
although the amount of calories in ice cream is high , the amount of sugar is much lower than in other foods .
the number of tweets per day
the number of people in the world
the number of international flights has increased by ##.# per cent .
the most popular image in the world
the number of international tourists has increased by %
graph of the products that were bought by the most users
chart showing the number of registered vehicles in the region
the number of doctors per million people has been declining for decades .
the graph shows that the number of registered drivers has increased by %
the number of people who have left the country has increased for the fifth consecutive month .
the number of people who have been in prison has increased steadily over the past decade .
the number of patents issued by country
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
the number of people who spent more than $##,### on travel in the past year
the data shows that the majority of parents have delayed major purchases , such as a home or a car
the percentage of students in each ethnicity is shown by a bar graph .
the most expensive property sold in the world , has been snapped up by a couple for a reported $##.# million .
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
the most popular countries in the world
the number of disabled people in the world
the amount of tweets per brand , the most popular brand among the young adult market .
the number of people who have used the internet in the past month
chart showing the average score of the most popular sports
the number of people who have been convicted of a crime has increased significantly .
the number of people in the world
the chart above shows the volume of global trade .
the graph shows the top sources of traffic to the website .
the number of flights per month
the number of people living in poverty has decreased for the fifth year in a row .
a screenshot of the data visualization
line graph showing the number of employees in the company
the number of registered vehicles has increased by more than ##,### in the past year .
the number of people who have moved in or out of the city has increased .
the number of patients admitted to the hospital has increased by ## percent .
the fear of the future is not only among the young
the most popular book by year
the graph shows that the number of religious people is on the rise
the graph shows the number of bookings per month
a graph showing the annual growth of the company
the graph shows the number of people living in the country .
the world is changing , but which countries are leading the way ?
the number of people who have reported symptoms of the disease has increased .
the number of subscribers to the top channels
the number of registered vehicles has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the graph shows the number of people affected by disasters in the last year .
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the past years .
line graph showing the number of cars sold
the graph shows that the majority of the millennial generation are not likely to give
this is what the graph says : the poll is % , not % .
this is how many physicians in my area
the graph shows that the most popular brand among the audience is brand .
the number of cars sold
the graph shows the increase in the number of people using the internet .
a graph showing the difference in the number of visitors between the two sites .
the most popular songs are not necessarily the most popular songs .
the number of people who have been deported has increased steadily over the years .
the number of people living in the city has increased steadily over the past decade .
the number of people who have visited the website has increased by ##.## % .
the graph shows the number of cars sold in the first half of the year .
the graph of the people who have been called by the police
the most popular country in the world
the percentage of patients who have taken at least one prescription drug
how many players in the football team
the chart shows the number of new accounts for each of the top insurers .
the number of vehicles sold in the first half of the year
the number of customers who have visited the website , up % from the previous year .
the number of sales of smartphones has increased exponentially over the years .
the average cost of a mobile phone has increased , up to % .
the number of arrests in the city has steadily declined over the past few years .
the graph shows that the majority of tourists are aged between ## and ##
drug in the world , according to the survey
the number of people using public transport has increased exponentially over the past decade .
the number of people in the world
the growth of the global smartphone market
a graph showing the number of students enrolled in the division
the number of vehicles in the fleet
the number of travelers has been steadily increasing in recent years .
the number of employees in the us has increased by %
a bar graph showing the number of patents granted
a bar graph showing the number of visitors from different countries .
the number of people who have been killed by collapse stations in the last year .
the most popular banks in the world
the number of internet users has steadily increased over the past few years .
most popular music genre in the world
a screenshot of the data : photo
number of registered voters in the world
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the years
a line graph showing the time of import and export for a country
a line graph of the number of calls
country has the highest number of international students in the world
the growth of the number of registered drivers has slowed
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily increased over the past few years .
the number of full - time and half - time students .
the number of women who have given birth has increased by ##.## .
the most popular person in the world
the graph shows the average cost of retail
the number of attacks on men and women is almost the same .
the trust in news organisations and newspapers
the line graph shows the increasing percentage of mobile devices .
the same data , but showing the share of each segment of the market .
the most important skills to learn on social media
the number of times the word , patriot , was mentioned in documents .
average number of cars per driver in the world .
the most popular countries in the world
the bar graph shows the percentage of customers who wait more than minutes to receive their order .
a line graph showing the number of cars sold in the first half of this year .
the chart shows the monthly growth of the average price of a car
tallest buildings in the world
a graph showing that more men than women are interested in the brand
the most visited country in the world
the average salary is higher in countries where the minimum wage is high
the same data presented in the form of a pie chart .
the world 's top countries by car
the number of registered vehicles has been steadily declining .
the same chart , but by category .
the number of visitors to the city .
the number of visitors to the website has increased by more than ##,### .
the global share of the online population has grown to % .
the number of fans per game , on average , between the most popular teams .
the most common issues in online dating
the graph shows the percentage of customers who are satisfied with their experience .
a graph showing the annual revenue of organisation
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the past years .
the world 's most popular currency by country
a line graph of the number of unique visitors to a website over time
a line graph showing the number of visitors to the website by country .
the number of arrests for drug - related offenses has steadily declined .
the number of people who drink alcohol per week is lower than in many other countries .
the most popular cities in the world
the graph shows that the cost of living has increased in the past year .
more content , more activities : it seems that the most popular activities are those that involve social interaction
the number of registered drivers has increased steadily over the past few years .
the average number of flights per day has steadily declined over the past decade .
the graph shows the percentage of searches coming from search engine .
the number of people who have moved into the city
the number of international tourists has increased steadily over the past decade .
the share of the total number of employees in the industry
line graph showing the number of jobs in the city .
a graph showing the number of times each of the top destinations was mentioned .
the survey found that the majority of people were not aware of the meaning of the term
with more people traveling internationally , the number of international flights has also increased .
the number of people living in the city has increased by ### , ### .
the growth of the number of registered drivers has slowed down
the growth of the global market for the pharmaceutical industry
the share of the population that is homeless or living in temporary accommodation has increased .
the number of people who claim to have used internet
the number of cars sold has steadily increased over the past few years .
the number of vehicles sold in the year
the number of people who have left the country increased by % to people .
the world 's top - selling smartphones , by volume , in units .
the chart shows the annual production of corn
the most common reasons for not hiring a person
the world 's most popular languages
the number of tweets per day
a line graph of the number of cases
a graph showing the number of controls and fans in the system
the most important technology trends to watch in the coming year
the number of people living in the city has increased .
the highest number of cases per day from the same countries
the graph shows the number of visitors to the website has increased by % .
the most popular apps in the world
the use of generic medications helps hold down the cost of health care
the number of international tourists
the most expensive city to buy a home is a city
the number of people using the internet has grown exponentially over the past decade .
a screenshot of the employment statistics
the number of times each brand has been mentioned on facebook
number of people living in the capital city over the last decades .
the number of people living in the country has increased for the first time in years
a graph showing the age of users
the line graph shows the rise of the most popular news sites
the number of cars sold in the first half of the year
the number of registered vehicles has increased by more than ## percent .
the bar graph shows the overall ranking of the best brands in terms of performance .
the line graph of the number of foreign visitors
the cost of the drug in the us compared to the cost in other countries
the number of people who have traveled abroad has increased significantly .
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the past years .
the number of people living in the city has increased exponentially over the last century .
the number of employees in each industry
chart showing the number of tweets per country
the number of arrests for drug possession has increased by more than ## times .
i 'm not the only one who has a problem with this chart .
the world 's most popular races are all in the top .
the number of mobile transactions is growing exponentially , but not all of them are equal .
the most popular apps in the world
the number of registered vehicles has increased by % to units in the first half of this year .
the percentage of white people is higher than the percentage of black and hispanic people .
it seems that the population is growing in the younger age groups .
the number of tourists in the world
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of people who have left the country has increased steadily over the past year .
the number of vehicles on the road
the pie chart shows the results of the survey .
the average number of calls per day
the number of internet users increased by % to millions .
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
with its exports of cars , the country has surpassed country as the largest exporter of cars .
line graph showing the number of foreign tourists visiting country .
the number of flights has steadily increased over the past few years .
still have the same top brands , despite the fact that many of the products have been recalled .
the line graph shows the increasing rate of unemployment .
the number of calls to the emergency services has increased significantly .
the number of registered drivers has steadily declined .
line graph showing the increase in the number of women .
the number of customers is growing faster than ever before .
the number of international visitors has grown by % to passengers in the first half of this year .
the number of followers has increased by a third in the last month .
the number of people who have been infected with the virus seems to be increasing .
a line graph showing the number of jobs in the us .
the world 's largest stock exchanges by volume of trading
the most expensive city to rent a home is just a few blocks away from the most affordable city .
lack of evidence was the most common reason for not reporting
the number of cars sold has been steadily increasing over the years .
with the numbers , it 's clear that the majority of the users are on the iphone .
the graph shows the rate of change of the number of cars sold .
the most expensive transfer in history
the number of premium written works
chart of the top countries by number of visitors
the chart shows the annual rate of change in the price of gold
the number of cars per thousand people is among the highest in the world .
the number of people who have been vaccinated against disease is higher than ever before .
the number of votes per club , as of the end of the 2nd round .
the number of customers has increased by %
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
line graph showing the number of deaths .
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the past few years .
the world 's busiest airports by number of flights per week
the graph shows the number of records that were exported from the country .
it 's clear that brand awareness is a top priority for consumers , with % of respondents saying they are currently purchasing a product from a brand they 've never heard of before .
the most popular account is facebook , with % of respondents using it .
the number of vehicles registered has been steadily declining in recent months .
line graph showing the number of people living in poverty .
the growth of the global market for the first time in years
most popular tags in the world
the number of registered vehicles in each industry
the first and second round of voting
the graph shows the number of confirmed cases , recovered cases , and deaths .
line graph showing the number of people employed in the country .
the graph shows that the majority of the travelers are tourists .
the number of registered vehicles has been steadily increasing .
the graph shows that the share of people who have used public transport has increased
the number of mobile subscribers has steadily grown over the past year .
the world 's most powerful brand
the number of followers on social media .
the number of tourists from the top countries
a line graph showing the number of times a user has visited a website over time
the number of passengers in the country
the number of people who have left the country has been steadily declining over the past few years .
the number of people who have visited the site .
the number of people living in the city
a screenshot of the new chart
a line graph showing the increase in the number of people using the internet
the graph shows the percentage of people who have obtained french citizenship .
the number of people living in the city has been steadily increasing .
the number of cars sold
a graph showing the number of visitors to the website by country .
the line graph of the number of registered voters
the most downloaded episodes of tv shows , according to data .
most popular website in the world
a screenshot of a table of industry and minimum revenue share .
the number of vehicles imported has increased by % in the first half of this year
the number of calls has increased steadily over the past year .
cars are more polluting than the average car
the number of people who have been in the country has increased by % .
the most popular job in each category
the most popular country in the world
a line graph showing the number of people in the world
the number of cases has steadily declined over the years .
chart of the number of deaths per million people in the country
a graph showing the number of electric cars sold in the country
most popular tags in the comments
the graph shows that the support for the plan has increased by % .
the number of international visitors to the website
the world 's most popular continent is country , with passengers traveling in the fourth quarter of this year .
the number of users who have joined social network .
the number of registered drivers has increased steadily over the past few years .
the world 's most popular languages
a graph showing the number of people by country who have received funding
chart showing the percentage of people who have used a credit card in the past
a graph of the number of people who have registered for a visa .
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the years .
the graph shows the number of confirmed cases , which has been steadily declining .
a bar graph showing the number of calls made by the police and the number of calls that were answered .
the number of people aged over has increased by more than ##
the number of people living in the city has increased .
the most popular items on the internet
the proportion of men and women in the workforce
the number of employees in each industry
a chart of the number of wells
the number of people who have visited the country has been steadily increasing .
the number of employees in the company has increased significantly in the last few months .
percent of customers have a college degree
the same data as the bar chart , but grouped by organisation sector .
the most popular country in the world
the number of cars sold
the number of cars in the world
a line graph shows the number of arrests in a month .
most popular countries in the world
the number of people using dating apps has increased
online research : what people want to do on holiday
the number of people living in cities has increased by % .
the number of students who have graduated from high school
the most popular products and services
a line graph showing the percentage of people who have been vaccinated .
the use of mobile devices has increased dramatically , reaching % of users .
the rise of domestic cars
with the rise of the virus , the number of donations to charities has also increased .
line graph showing the number of people per month
the bar graph shows that black people are receiving more than twice the amount of treatment than white people .
the number of registered vehicles has steadily declined over the past few years .
the number of vaccines administered to citizens has been far below the number of people who have registered for the shots .
a graph showing the number of employees in the company
the number of key accounts has increased , with % of growth in the last year .
the number of people living in the city has increased by nearly ##,### .
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the past few years .
the number of people who have visited a city is shown in the chart .
the number of people who have been killed by the police over the years .
the number of people who have left the country has increased by ##.## per cent .
the graph shows that more than half of the voters are not sure or have no opinion on the issue .
a line graph showing the increase in the number of arrests .
the number of people who used the internet increased , percent .
the same data in a chart shows the percentage of fans who follow each team .
the number of people in the world
the growth of the food industry
the number of calls to the emergency services has increased by ##.## per cent .
most popular games in the world
the number of packages shipped increased by % to units in the first half of this year .
the number of internet users has steadily increased over the past few years .
the number of vehicles per capita has steadily declined over the past few years .
the number of people who have been arrested for using the internet .
a line graph of the monthly sales of a product
a graph showing the share of employment in the sectors
the number of cars sold in the country
the number of cars sold in the country
the same chart showing the number of members of the house of representatives from each state .
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the years .
the graph shows that the majority of users are between ## and ## .
the number of people who have left their jobs has increased by %
most popular social media accounts in the world
the longest flight in the world is the flight .
the number of cars sold has steadily declined over the past few years .
the number of people who have been infected is noticeably higher than the number of people who have recovered .
the graph shows the number of searches for each brand
the most popular website in the world
a screenshot of the world ranking of our team
the number of visitors to the website has increased by more than ##,### .
the number of leading companies has steadily increased over the years .
a line graph showing the number of people in the world
the most popular reasons to have a wedding are .
the graph shows the percentage of people who have used the internet in the past year .
a graph showing the number of employees over the years .
the number of players in the major leagues is far larger than the number of players in other leagues .
the chart shows the most popular time to tweet in the us
the share of the population aged over ## has increased from ##.## to ##.## .
a line graph showing the number of exports in a given period
the number of people in the world
the number of registered vehicles has increased by more than ## percent in the past year .
chart showing the percentage of employees in each industry
the share of the population aged over has increased from ##.## to ##.## .
a graph showing the number of people who have visited the website
the number of people who have moved to a new home has increased by % .
the number of cars sold has been steadily declining for several years .
the world 's largest companies by revenue
most popular apps in the world
the number of top airports has increased from ##,### to ##,### .
line graph showing the number of monthly sales for person
a graph showing the number of smokers by age
the number of cars sold
the world 's most popular score in the last week
line graph showing the number of employees .
the graph shows the number of employees in the company .
the world 's largest export of cars
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily increased over the past few months .
the number of cars sold in the year
the number of users who spent hours online
the number of tourists visiting tourist attraction has increased significantly over the past year .
the number of people in the world
the number of people living in the city has increased
the number of people who have left the country has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of immigrants is on the rise .
chart showing the number of mentions of each person in the top stories .
the number of people who have been deported has increased exponentially over the past decade .
a line graph showing the increase in the number of employees .
the number of internet users has steadily increased over the past few years .
the growth of the global market for mobile phones
the number of cars sold .
the number of people living in the city has increased by % .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by ##.## per cent .
the number of people who have moved in the past year
a bar graph of the number of people who have registered for a job .
the graph shows that a large percentage of customers are over ## .
the most popular features of the app
the number of people who have had a personal interview has increased steadily
the number of registered drivers has steadily declined over the past decade .
the most popular brand in the world
a graph of the number of tourists visiting country .
a line chart showing the increase in the number of tourists
the number of visitors to the website was highest in the evening hours
the number of mobile phones has increased exponentially .
chart showing the top countries and cities in the world
a graph of the country 's oil production
the number of cars sold in the country
the number of startups that raised money in the launch .
have you ever bought a product online times ?
the line graph of the number of transactions per day
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of vehicles sold in the year
country spent the most on the world 's most expensive cars
the number of tweets per day
the number of visitors to the website has increased by ##.## percent .
the most important issues in the world
the average number of calls has increased by %
the most popular jobs in the world
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
the number of people who have visited the website has increased by % .
the graph shows that % of people identify themselves as ethnicity .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the most popular jeans , according to the age
the average price of a barrel of oil
the number of cars sold has steadily increased over the years .
the number of registered vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
a pie chart showing the percentage of travelers who have never used a hotel
chart of the total number of employees in each sector
a chart showing the top causes of death in the world
the number of banks has increased .
the graph shows the country 's annual gross domestic product .
chart of the number of deaths caused by natural disasters in the last decade
the graph shows the percentage of people who have voted in elections .
with the right data , you can see that the country is leading the world in the race to the vaccine .
the number of registered vehicles , by month , from january to august .
most popular website in the world
the number of people who have been killed by the police
average number of miles per credit card
the number of people living in the country has increased from #### .
a bar graph showing the number of people living in the city .
the graph shows that the majority of visitors are male .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the line graph shows the decline in the number of people using the internet .
the number of people living in the city has increased by nearly ##,### .
the number of viewers has dropped .
the number of international tourists visiting country is the highest in the world .
line graph showing the number of flights .
the number of visitors to the website has increased by ##.## percent .
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the past years .
the number of users of the application , as reported by the company .
the number of visitors from around the world
the world 's largest wind farm is now in operation .
the most popular movie of all time
the chart shows the average cost of goods purchased by country
have a consistent bedtime routine : what are the most common reasons for not getting enough sleep ?
the number of vehicles has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by ##.## percent .
the graph shows the number of times each person or organization was mentioned .
the number of international tourists has steadily increased over the past few years .
the number of employees in the public sector has increased by % to employees .
a line graph showing the monthly number of calls .
the same chart , but now showing the statistics for each of the top activities .
a line chart showing the growth of the number of visitors to the website over time .
a chart showing the number of imported products .
the number of people living in cities has increased by more than ## per cent .
the number of cars per million people has been steadily increasing .
a screenshot of the number of children born in the year .
the number of aircraft in the fleet has increased by more than ##,### .
the line graph shows the number of people who have been infected with the disease .
the bar graph shows that the country is not as good as other countries in many areas .
the same chart , but now showing the ranking of countries .
the number of visitors to the website was significantly higher than in the previous year .
the table of all players in the tournament
a graph showing the number of visas issued and returned .
a bar graph showing the number of people living in poverty has steadily increased
the number of users who have logged on to social media sites has increased .
line graph of the number of flights
the same data as the previous chart , but showing the number of employees .
the number of people living in cities has increased exponentially over the past century .
the same data as the previous graph , but grouped by industry .
the number of people using the internet increased by % to people .
the number of people who have been vaccinated against disease has increased steadily over the past year .
the same data as the previous chart , but grouped by the consumer 's choice of brand .
the number of cars per capita has been steadily increasing .
the number of passengers in the main international airports
with the rise of social media , the number of users has grown exponentially
chart showing the average number of hours of sleep per night among adults
a graph showing the annual growth of the population
when you search for a product on search engine website , what is the result ?
chart showing the highest number of jobs in each city
the number of calls to the emergency services has increased significantly in the past year .
the number of active users
the graph shows the percentage of people who identify themselves by ethnicity .
the impact of social media on reading
the annual rate of change in the number of registered vehicles
the most common reasons for divorce
the number of registered drivers has increased by more than ## percent in the past year .
the black leadership gap is still wide
despite the similarities , facebook and twitter have gained a huge following of followers
chart of the most popular artists in the world
the graph shows the most common causes of accidents in the industry .
chart of the number of registered vehicles in the world
how to respond to a survey by organization leader
the growth of the global market for the first time in years
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the past year .
the number of foreign residents has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily increased over the past year .
chart of the world 's most polluting industries
the number of people who have moved in the past year
the growth of the internet of things
the number of households has increased by more than 5 times in the last decade
a graph showing the increase in the number of visitors to the website .
the number of mobile users has increased by % to users
the growth of the internet of things
the world 's largest consumer of tissue paper
the graph shows the number of registered drivers has increased over the years .
this graph shows the number of people who have heard about the price .
the growth of the internet of things
the number of flights has increased by % in the first half of this year .
the number of people who have been in prison has increased significantly .
the number of arrests over the years
the graph shows the percentage of products in each category
most productive university in the world
the number of visitors to the official website
the most common cause of death in the world
the number of people who have died in the city
the number of tourists has increased by % in the first half of this year .
the number of people living in poverty has increased for the first time in years
the number of unique visitors to the website has increased by % .
chart of the number of international students in the top universities
a graph showing the growth of the private sector
a graph showing the number of visas issued to foreigners
person : what subjects are students most likely to take in college ?
most popular app in the world
chart showing the number of visitors from each country .
the number of internet users has steadily increased over the past few years .
record of the forecast : the actual data and the forecast for the number of sales
the number of internet users increased by % to over ## million .
the number of users of the service has increased by more than ## percent .
the number of registered vehicles has increased every year .
the number of visitors has increased by more than ## million
the most popular countries in the world
the number of arrests per million people has been steadily declining for decades .
the world 's top exporters of rare metals and minerals
the number of people in the world
the number of registered vehicles has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of foreign tourists visiting country has increased by % .
a line chart showing the steady rise in the number of customers .
the number of citizens and quotes over the years
the number of reviews and ratings has increased significantly .
the graph shows the percentage of people who have moved in and out of the country over the past years .
the graph shows the number of employees in each industry .
the number of deaths from the disease has been steadily declining in the past few months .
the number of available parking spaces in the city
the number of people living in the country has been steadily increasing for decades .
the lack of sleep has had a negative impact on the following
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily increased over the past few years .
top countries in the world
a screenshot of the table showing the value of the company .
the most popular website in the world
the number of people who have moved has increased by % to people .
a line graph of the number of cases per day
the world 's most popular currencies
the number of flights has increased by ##.## percent in the past year
the number of new homes sold in the month of april
the majority of travelers are not sure about the purpose of their trip
the number of registered drivers has increased steadily over the past few years .
the number of attacks on the website
chart of all the countries
the number of people aged over ## has increased for the first time in years .
the graph shows the number of people living in the country .
the graph shows the number of people who have been in prison for a total of years
the number of tourists has increased exponentially over the past few years .
the percentage of people who have ever lived in a home
a line graph showing the number of cases per day from the beginning of the outbreak .
the graph shows the number of people who have consumed alcohol
the number of people employed in the industry
line graph of the number of people who have visited the website
the world 's most popular languages by number of native speakers
the number of tweets per person , on average , has increased from last year .
chart showing the number of countries that have registered a case of disease
a line graph showing the number of people moving in and out of the city .
the number of cases in the city
chart showing the percentage of voters who voted for each political party
the number of airports has increased steadily over the past decade .
the number of people who have been killed in the streets has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of cars sold has increased for the first time in years
the number of people who have been arrested in the past year
most popular cities and regions in the world
the number of people who have died in the country has increased for the fifth consecutive year , reaching people .
the graph shows the percentage of students who have graduated from high school over the past years .
the graph shows the amount of food consumed in the country .
the number of customers who have purchased a product .
the number of people who have experienced loss of hearing has increased .
the number of registered vehicles has been steadily declining for the past decade .
while the number of logs is increasing , the number of logs being analyzed is decreasing .
the number of cars sold has been steadily declining for several years .
the number of internet users has grown exponentially over the past few years .
the world 's most powerful army by country
a graph showing the number of devices in the market , and the number of devices that have been sold
the number of cars sold has steadily increased over the past few years .
the number of registered drivers has steadily declined .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by ##.## percent in the first half of this year .
the graph shows the growth of the domestic services sector .
the most popular country in the world
the number of drugs in the top list
the number of monthly visitors to the website
the number of registered drivers has increased steadily for several years .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of women in the audience
the most popular items purchased online
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
the graph shows the results of the survey
the number of bombs dropped on a city
the line graph showing the growth of the number of registered drivers
the most popular reasons for travelling are to
the number of users increased by % to 4 .
the number of transplants in the world
the number of people who have been affected by the data
with the same data , now grouped by industry .
a graph showing the number of times a country imported and exported in a given period of time
the most popular ads are those that are paid for by social media users
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the past few years .
the number of people who have been killed by the collapse of the state .
food is now more expensive than meat , fish and seafood
the number of people with a college degree or higher has steadily increased over the past decade .
i 'm not sure how to interpret this data .
a comparison of the average cost of international and domestic flights
the number of cases of disease , reported by country
the number of vehicles sold has been steadily declining for the past few years .
a graph of the number of us states
the most popular attractions in the world
a graph shows that the majority of the students have graduated from high school or college
the line graph shows the percentage of people who have used public transport in the past year .
the graph shows the number of people living in the country for a long time .
the most expensive film in the world
the graph shows the share of the banking sector in the country 's economy
the graph shows that the majority of the unemployed are self - employed
the number of registered vehicles by brand
as the number of users in the country has grown , the number of users in the country has grown exponentially .
the number of visitors to the website has increased exponentially over the years .
the share of the market is growing faster than the share of services
the number of people aged 15 to 19 years has been steadily declining .
a graph showing the number of visitors who arrived within minutes , hours , or days after visiting the site .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by more than ## times in the last decade .
the average price of a pound
the number of vehicles registered has increased for the fifth year in a row .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by %
the number of people who have been killed in the country is far higher than that of any other country .
a line graph showing the number of calls per day
the survey also asked respondents about their plans for the future , with a majority of respondents saying they will continue to shop in - store
the line graph shows the average annual decline in the number of employees .
the number of people who have been in prison has increased steadily over the past decade .
the graph shows that the majority of customers are generations .
the size of the land area
line graph showing the increase in the number of people using the internet
the number of patients who have been treated for different diseases .
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily increased .
the number of visitors to the website has increased by more than ##,### .
the number of calls to the police has steadily increased over the past year .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by % in the first half of the year .
with the new data , it 's clear that pop artist is the most popular person in the world .
the number of mobile users has increased exponentially .
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the past years .
a graph showing the number of orders and deliveries
the world 's most trusted countries
the graph shows the number of customers who have experienced a delay in the delivery of their order .
the number of students who graduated from high school
a line graph showing the growth of the number of people
the number of cars sold has steadily declined over the past few years .
the number of registered vehicles has been steadily declining over the past few years .
chart showing the number of visitors to each of the top cities .
the most popular gadget in the data
the number of tweets per city , from the same period .
the number of arrests made by the police .
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily increased over the past year .
the number of people aged 14 and older and speaking language has increased .
the most popular states in the country
a graph of the annual change in the number of registered vehicles
the most popular states in the country
the number of people who have been in prison times has increased every year .
the number of cars imported from other countries
the number of people living in cities has increased for the first time in years .
the number of users who have visited the website via mobile devices .
the number of doctors per million people has been steadily declining for decades .
the number of users , which increased by % in the year
the most popular cities in the world
the graph shows the number of visitors to the website .
the most popular social media accounts in the world
the number of ships in the world
the growth of digital payments
the number of people who have been listed as missing from the world 's largest countries .
the number of people living in the city has increased steadily over the past decade .
the most popular artist in the world
the number of people living in the city has increased from #### .
the percentage of users who have heard about the brand
the most popular actions taken on social media
the number of international flights has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of people who have lost their jobs since the start of the pandemic is higher than ever before .
number of articles on the web .
the number of websites in the world
the number of people living in poverty has been steadily declining .
the line graph showing the rate of inflation
the number of people who have visited tourist attraction times increased by % to 1 .
the cost of lost revenue
country has the largest number of international students in the world
the number of people who have been deported has increased steadily over the past years .
the number of people living in the city has increased by ##,### .
the same chart showing the environmental impact of a gallon of gas vs. a gallon of oil .
a line graph showing the number of people in the world
the growth of the online market
the number of people living in the city has increased from #### .
the number of people living in the country has increased for the first time in years .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by ##.## percent .
the number of people who have visited a website in the past week has increased .
the number of people living in the city
it seems that the most popular day for delivery is
the graph shows the percentage of users who used each purpose .
the number of people with mental health problems is much higher than you might expect .
with the increase in the number of tourists , the number of tourists per country has increased significantly .
the chart shows the steady rise in the number of customers
the percentage of people who have ever been to a doctor 's office is much higher .
a graph of the number of people who have died in hospitals across the world .
the number of visitors to the website has increased by % in the first half of this year
a line graph showing the number of daily posts .
the number of visitors from different countries
the number of calls per month
the results of the football match between football team and french first division football team .
the line graph showing the number of people in the world
the number of people given the name , in the last year .
a graph showing the impact of working all day
the number of passengers on the busiest routes .
the same data as the previous chart , but grouped by country .
the number of sales of cars has been declining for several years .
the most expensive players in the world
the importance of security in the eyes of customers
the number of cars per capita has been steadily declining for several years .
a graph showing the number of employees funded by venture capital .
line graph showing the decline in the number of people using the internet
the graph shows the percentage of queries coming from different devices .
a sea of political beliefs , not just yours
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily declined in recent months .
the number of votes per person
a bar graph showing the growth of international visitors
chart of the average cost of living in the world
a graph of the total value of exports and imports
a line graph showing the growth in revenue over time .
the impact of mental health on the economy
the graph shows the percentage of employees who were not engaged in their jobs .
most watched football league in the world
the most read newspapers in the world
a chart showing the breakdown of income by type
the graph shows the average cost of food per person per day .
line graph showing the declining rate of people dying in the elderly population .
the chart shows the market share of the top operators
the number of people who have visited the city times more than the average city .
line graph showing the number of arrests .
the line graph shows the number of people living in the city
the number of people who have used a product or service in the past
the number of internet users in the world
the number of internet users has grown exponentially over the past few years .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by more than ##,### .
the percentage of students who are enrolled in college is significantly higher than the percentage of students who are enrolled in college .
the graph shows the proportion of people aged between ## and ## who have been in prison
the world 's largest consumer of mobile electronics
line graph showing the decline in the number of people using the internet
a line graph showing the decline in the number of people using the internet
the graph shows that the taste of chocolate is the most popular , with % of customers saying that they like it .
the growth of the internet has been explosive , with the number of users increasing from ###,### to ###,### .
the number of internet users has increased significantly .
the number of vehicles sold has increased by more than ##,### .
the number of people who have been arrested for using the internet , in millions .
the bar graph shows the average number of passes per game by age and position .
the number of users who have visited tourist attraction has increased by % .
the number of international tourists entering country is the highest in the world
the graph shows the number of students who have graduated from college .
the world 's top brands by number of reviews in the last month .
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
a line graph showing the increase in the number of people using the internet .
the number of smoothies that contain more than % of juice has increased
the share of people who have trusted the government in the last year has risen to % .
the graph shows the number of people who have moved to the city .
the number of attendees at each event
the number of vehicles on the road has increased significantly , with countries like country and country now having more than the country .
the number of arrests has increased by ## percent .
the graph shows the percentage of users who use internet every day , weekly , and monthly .
the world 's most popular country
line graph showing the number of jobs in the city
the number of households with internet access has increased from #### .
avoiding social and sports events was the most popular reason for not traveling .
a graph showing that the majority of customers are male .
a graph showing the annual growth of the number of registered drivers
a screenshot of the data
the number of deaths in custody has fallen significantly
a graph showing the decline in the number of foreign tourists visiting country
the number of internet users has steadily grown over the past few years .
the number of children in the country
the number of visitors to the website
chart of the best countries for foreign exchange rate
the number of registered vehicles has increased by ##.## per cent .
the number of people who have been arrested times .
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily declined over the past few months .
the growth of the market
the most expensive items are the most expensive items .
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the years
the number of people who have visited the website has increased by % .
the number of doctors per million people has been steadily declining for decades .
the number of people who have left the country has increased steadily over the past year .
the line graph shows the decline in the number of people .
the number of prisoners has increased steadily over the past years .
country is now the largest consumer of imported cars in the world .
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the past few years .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the graph shows the annual growth of the company .
the growth of the online market
the percentage of people who identify themselves by ethnicity has increased .
the growth of the internet has been explosive over the past decade .
most popular games in the world
the average number of hours of sleep per week
the number of internet users has increased exponentially .
the number of users seems to be on the rise .
the graph shows the percentage of people who have bought cigarettes .
the graph shows the average hourly wage of workers in the country
a pie chart of the results of the survey
the number of tweets per day has steadily increased over the past few months .
a graph showing the number of arrests
the graph shows the number of times people have used the app .
the number of tweets per day has steadily increased , reaching a peak of ##,### .
spent the holidays in the 2nd
chart of the number of registered vehicles in the world
the graph shows the percentage of users who have used the app .
the number of visitors to the website has increased by more than ##,### .
the number of people with a mental illness
the graph shows that the majority of the users are in the middle
chart of the number of registered vehicles in the country
the line graph shows the increase in the number of foreign tourists visiting country .
the number of flights has increased by % in the first half of this year
the number of cars sold in the country
the number of people living in the country has increased for the first time in years .
the number of students has increased by more than ## per cent in the last decade .
the number of calls per day and per month
country - top countries in the world
a line graph showing the number of calls .
the chart shows the top countries in the world .
the graph shows the average annual rate of return on the stock .
the number of reported cases of disease .
the chart shows that the number of financial transactions per year has increased
most popular brands in the world
the number of customers who reported that they had visited the website in the past month .
the use of mobile devices has increased dramatically , reaching % of the population .
chart showing the number of times each word was used in the first tweet .
the number of customers has increased by % to customers
the benefits of volunteering have been the main reason for doing so
most popular courses in the world
the bar graph shows the percentage of students who are black , hispanic or hispanic and other races .
the most popular industry to be a freelancer in the world
a line graph showing the number of reported cases of person in the country
the number of users who have logged in to the website in the past month
a graph showing the number of stores in the world and the number of stores in the country .
a chart showing the number of arrests over the years .
the company 's share of the global market
how to create a pie chart in your website
chart showing the number of visitors from each country to the website
line graph showing the decline in the number of people using the internet
airline ranked among the top airlines in the world
the most searched for products on the internet
the growth of the internet has been accelerated by the pandemic
chart of the most popular languages in the world
the growth of the global market for the first time
the new data is in , so we 're updating our rankings for the second quarter .
the share of the total population
the graph shows that the number of visitors to the site has increased by % .
the graph shows the percentage of users who have used each of the top activities .
the state with the highest rate of people who say they have been harassed or abused by a police officer was us state .
the number of prisoners has steadily increased over the past decades .
the line graph shows the number of people who have visited the website in the last month .
image of the data from the report in a table
the line graph shows the average age of men and women .
the number of people spending time online
the country has the highest number of visitors from abroad in comparison to other countries .
the world 's most punctual airlines are revealed in the latest data
the graph shows the percentage of people who have heard about the event .
the number of people who have completed some form of education
the survey found that more than half of the young people have had a car accident , while only a quarter have had a driver 's license .
line graph showing the growth of the company
the growth of the mobile internet
the number of people who have been arrested times increased
the number of tweets per day
the world 's top countries by number of imported cars
the number of vehicles sold has increased for the sixth consecutive year .
the number of registered vehicles in the country
the number of customers has steadily declined over the past few years .
the growth of retail value
the number of people who have received a vaccination has increased steadily over the past year .
the number of internet users has grown exponentially over the years .
the data on the number of cases in the world
feeling lonely in the community
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the years .
the number of people living in the city
the world 's top countries by number of visitors
a pie chart of the data in the previous table
the number of registered vehicles by province .
the number of websites has increased exponentially over the years
the same data as the previous chart but grouped by industry .
the growth of residential solar has also been driven by the rise in the price of electricity .
although the download speed may be higher , the upload speed may be higher .
the number of flights has steadily declined over the past few years .
the number of people living in poverty has steadily declined over the past decades .
a bar graph shows the number of registered vehicles in the country .
the number of games and additional content , which has increased dramatically over the years .
the market share of the top selling cars
the number of cars sold in the country
the number of vehicles sold has increased for the fifth consecutive year .
the number of foreign tourists has increased % over the past year .
the world 's most populous countries
the growth of the global mobile market
the growth of the internet has been phenomenal , with the number of users increasing by % per year .
the number of cars sold is declining
the data we collected from the survey
in the same chart , the number of assets in other countries is much lower .
the number of people living in the city has increased by nearly ##,### .
a line graph showing the decline in the number of people using the service
although social networks have been around for a while , facebook and twitter still outnumber the rest of the pack
a chart showing the share of total employment in the industry
the chart showing the percentage of customers who have purchased in the past .
the number of registered drivers has increased steadily over the past few years .
a graph showing the number of registered users in the last month
the number of registered drivers has increased by % to ###,### .
the graph shows the share of customers who have used the internet in the past year .
the line graph of the number of registered voters
chart showing the number of times each state was mentioned in the news
with the rise of mobile devices , the number of users on the internet has increased exponentially .
the number of customers who spent more than £ ###
the most popular companies in the world
a screenshot of the data of the number of tickets sold for each event
the graph shows the number of real estate transactions .
the number of people who have bought an app or website based on the first time
chart of the top countries by number of visitors to the website
the number of people living in the city has increased by ##,### .
the number of cars sold in the first half of the year
a line graph showing the increase in the number of calls .
line graph showing the number of arrests .
the number of people who have had a home loan
the most popular day to buy electronics business
the number of flights per year
line graph showing the decline in the number of registered vehicles
the same chart , but for the world
the world 's largest markets are india and country , respectively .
the number of arrests per month
the number of people who have visited the website times , on average .
the number of employees in the largest cities
the tax on motor vehicles and passengers
the world 's most corrupt countries
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the years .
the number of cars sold in the years
a graph showing the number of domestic and international flights
the graph shows the number of people who have been infected with the disease .
the current state of the social media , has the country 's political leaders lost the trust of the people .
the world 's top importers of coffee
the graph shows that more than half of the visitors are from abroad .
the poll 's most recent results , with person leading the way .
a graph showing the revenue and net income of the company .
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years
the president has won the primary so far , according to this poll .
the same data as the previous chart , but by gender .
the number of people who have visited the website
the number of people who have purchased a product or service online has increased
the growth of the internet has been accelerated by the rise of mobile devices .
the number of registered vehicles has steadily declined over the past few years .
the number of people who have been killed by the police has steadily increased over the years .
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the past years .
the graph shows a higher percentage of men than women in the audience .
a bar graph of the number of times a domain was registered
a line graph showing the monthly change in the number of people who have registered for a driver 's license .
while the number of registered vehicles has increased , the number of vehicles in the region has declined .
the same data as the previous graph , but broken down by social networks .
the graph of the import and export
the number of passengers who crossed the border .
the share of total employment in the industry
the graph shows that a large percentage of visitors are using mobile devices .
the table of deaths in the conflict
the number of people who have moved to a different country has increased steadily
the world 's most expensive countries for alcohol
the number of registered users has increased exponentially over the years
the number of people who have moved abroad has increased , with % of those moving in the past year .
the highest paid players in the world
the number of vehicles on the road has increased by more than ## times .
the number of customers has increased by % , despite the fact that % of customers are now from abroad .
the number of errors per brand was significantly higher than that of other brands .
the number of cars sold has steadily declined over the past few years .
top countries in the world
line graph shows the increasing share of women in the workforce .
the world 's highest - paid celebrities
chart showing the number of deaths in each region
a graph showing the number of fans who have attended games in the past and the number of fans who have attended games this year .
most popular languages on the internet
the growth of the global market for mobile phones
the bar graph of the population
the world 's most popular race is now more than any other race .
the number of users from around the world
the number of travelers found out about their holiday on the last minute
this chart shows that the majority of voters are now in the blue .
the number of registered drivers has increased significantly in the past year .
the graph of the same data
the world 's top export countries
the graph shows the number of vehicles in the country .
the growth of the global market for mobile phones
a graph shows the number of times people visit a website per day .
the line graph shows the decline in the number of people who have been infected with the disease .
the number of calls per day
the number of people living in the country has increased for the first time in years .
a line graph of the number of calls per day
a pie chart showing the results of the poll
the number of visitors to the website
the growth of the global market for electric vehicles
the world is becoming more connected , but countries are still far apart .
a graph showing the annual growth of the credit card
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of tweets per day
the number of mobile users increased by % to users .
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the past years .
line graph of the number of arrests
a bar graph showing the percentage of consumers who are concerned about the following environmental issues : plastic , recycling , local food , and the use of recycled materials .
the number of people who have moved in the last year
with the most popular products , the percentage of sales was between % and % .
the same as the previous graph , but for social network
the number of tweets per day has steadily increased over the past year .
the number of people living in poverty has steadily declined over the past decade .
the number of people who have been killed in the streets has increased
line graph showing the number of cars sold in the first half of the year .
the line graph shows the history of the parties
a bar graph shows the proportion of men and women who have graduated from college
the number of people who use public transport is on the rise .
the number of people who have died in the sea has steadily declined over the past decade .
line graph showing the number of calls
the number of registered drivers in each province has dropped more than any other province .
the number of people using the internet has increased exponentially .
the most popular countries in the world
the market is dominated by operating system , with % of the market .
the same data as the previous graph , but now showing the percentage of voters who have never voted for a party .
the number of hours worked per person
the most popular member of the group
a graph showing that business travelers are more likely to book a flight than leisure travelers
a line graph showing the percentage of visitors to a website who are mobile .
the most important features of an online store
a screenshot of the most read articles
the number of people who have visited the website has increased by % .
with the number of mobile users increasing , the number of mobile attacks also increased .
the number of people who have been arrested for using the internet has increased exponentially over the past year .
despite the similarities , facebook and twitter have grown exponentially in popularity
the graph shows that a large percentage of the audience is in favor of the smooth text .
the market share of the global market
the number of international tourists is still low compared to countries .
this image is a table of criminal charges by background .
a screenshot of the number of applicants from around the world .
the line graph of the number of foreign visitors to the country
the number of people who have heard the advice is declining , according to the latest data .
the number of people living in cities has increased exponentially over the past century .
the graph shows the most popular time to drink coffee in the morning , early morning , late afternoon , and night .
the number of internet users has steadily increased over the past few years .
the graph shows that more than half of the younger generation is not sure about the use of passwords .
the number of cars on the road
the number of registered vehicles has increased by % .
a graph showing the number of records recovered , deleted , and lost in the database .
