the number of international flights has grown exponentially over the past few years .
the number of open source projects has increased significantly .
the most popular states in the country for visitors
the graph shows that the number of voters for political party has been declining .
the graph shows the percentage of students who have not heard about online education .
the graph shows the average time spent on the internet by country .
most popular players in the world
line graph showing the percent change in loans
the number of registered vehicles has increased steadily over the past years .
the most popular artist in the world
the number of vehicles imported from the world 's largest regions .
the share of the global market , the share of the global market
the urban population has increased from % to % .
the graph shows the most popular channels for the purchase of products .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by % to units in the year .
the amount of love , the most important thing
the world 's most popular airline by number of employees .
the market is dominated by the combined sales of products
the number of educated people
a bar graph showing the growth of the private sector in the years
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the graph shows the proportion of people who have changed their mind about voting in the past year .
the number of arrests for driving under the influence has increased every year .
the most popular cities and towns in the world
a chart showing the decline in the number of people working in the industry
the graph shows the share of the market
the number of vehicles sold has increased exponentially over the years .
chart showing the number of visitors to the top tourist attractions .
the number of people who have visited the site in the past month
the world 's most popular languages by number of native speakers
the number of employees has increased for the fifth year in a row .
chart of the best cars from the best years .
the number of employees has increased for the first time in years .
the share of people who have moved in the last year has increased from % to % .
line graph showing the decline in the number of people living in poverty .
the lack of stock is a major concern for consumers , with % of respondents saying they have already stocked up on products .
the number of people who have registered for a job is noticeably higher than in previous years .
the number of people who are married has increased significantly
the number of people living in the country has increased for the first time in years .
the number of registered vehicles has steadily increased over the years .
the top companies in the world
the graph shows the share of the economy in the years .
the same chart , for the whole world .
the number of people who have been killed by police has steadily declined over the past few years .
line graph showing the number of people moving in and out of the country .
the number of users has increased exponentially , with an increase of % to ##.## .
the highest rate of return on deposits in the country
the number of people living in the city has increased by more than ##,### .
you 've probably heard of the word trustworthy in the media , but have you actually thought about what it means .
the number of people who have visited the website has steadily declined over time .
the number of people living in the city has increased .
the graph shows that a large percentage of travelers are not worried about the cost .
the graph shows the number of people who have been deported .
the graph shows the number of tweets per day .
the number of registered vehicles has increased by %
the same data , grouped by category .
the number of people who have been deported
a line graph showing a decline in the percentage of people using public transport .
the growth of the market
a screenshot from the website shows the most common causes of death in the country .
chart showing the average cost of travel per country
the graph shows that the number of people who have had a pet has increased significantly .
a line graph showing the number of cases per day .
the number of cars sold in the world
with its high number of visitors , country is far ahead of other countries .
the more people work , the more likely they are to be employed .
the number of cases has increased , with more than 1 million cases in the last year alone .
the majority of fans are in favor of the idea
the state with the largest number of stations
graph of the heat purchased from other sectors
the number of tweets per month
the average hourly wage in each industry
the number of cameras sold , early adopters , and innovators , as well as the number of early adopters and innovators .
the graph shows the number of times people have visited tourist attraction .
the more you spend , the more you earn ?
the growth of the internet of things
the number of internet users has increased exponentially over the years .
the number of registered vehicles has increased significantly over the years .
a chart showing the number of formal jobs
the graph shows the percentage of purchases made via each channel
a line graph showing the increase in international visitors
a screenshot of the data from the first quarter .
the graph shows the percentage of respondents who agreed with the statement .
the most popular products in the world
the number of passengers has increased by ##.## percent .
the number of people who have been infected with the disease has steadily increased over the past year .
the number of people using the internet has grown exponentially .
a graph of the production of cars in the provinces .
the lack of trust in foreign companies is higher than ever before .
the most popular country in the world
the most searched movie is not one of the ones we expected , but one of the ones we 've heard .
i used the data from the website to create this graph .
the number of mobile phones in the world
the number of people who have visited the website
most popular category of website in the world
the number of international tourists per country is among the highest in the world .
a graph showing the share of metals in the production of electricity
the most shared content is from olympic athlete , olympic athlete and basketball shooting guard .
a screenshot showing the ranking position of football team over the years
new data on the most popular channels has been released , with the number of subscribers growing exponentially .
