The priority placed on criminal justice reform is higher among blacks than whites and Hispanics. Roughly eight-in-ten blacks (73%) say the criminal justice system should be reformed as a top priority, compared with 48% of Hispanics and 39% of whites. The higher level of priority placed on criminal justice reform among blacks underscores the lack of agreement on whether the criminal justice system is broken. Two-thirds (66%) in the Black sample and 49% of whites say the criminal justice system is broken, compared with 37% of Hispanics.
For many Americans, houses of worship are a place where they meet with their family and friends to celebrate special occasions and pray. For some, however, the place of worship is now a place of isolation. For example, Black adults, already a historically marginalized group, feel even more so now. For example, about eight-in-ten Black adults (85%) say their congregation’s operating status has changed because of the outbreak, while just 28% feel its closure hasn’t changed much. Hispanic adults, already a marginalized group, also feel the change is more pronounced than the coronavirus outbreak (61% feel it hasn’t changed much, versus 41% who say it has). Hispanic adults are also more likely than Black adults to say their congregation’s operating status has changed.
Annual inflation in the euro area has been rising steadily since the beginning of the year. In April, inflation was 2.2% in the euro area and 2.3% in the EU.
Two key Supreme Court rulings – Roe v. Wade and Obergeorger County, Ala., v. Duncan – stand at the center of a wide-ranging debate about whether to overturn them. In a survey conducted July 22-Aug. 4, the data were reported as “no changes” by Landline Sample respondents. Changes to the data were made based on telephone interviews conducted with 2,504 adults, 1,502 of whom were landline respondents.
Two-thirds of the 78 days of content analyzed for this analysis was devoted to government news, according to a study by Pew Research Center. The government news content was divided among eight broad categories: Congress, the executive branch, the federal government, the federal courts, the federal agencies, the federal government, the federal budget, and the federal government. The content analysis found that a total of 1,904 stories were produced by wire services. A further 52% of these stories were about the federal government, while 41% were about the executive branch and the federal budget.
A third of the content analyzed was devoted to the executive branch, while a third was devoted to the federal budget. The remainder was divided among the federal agencies, federal courts, federal government, and the federal budget. The executive branch was the most common category in terms of the number of stories analyzed, accounting for 22% of the content analyzed.
The views of Americans who favor the legalization of marijuana are not universally supportive of the potential federal enforcement of federal marijuana laws in states where marijuana is legal. The current partisan divide over this issue is substantial: 59% say federal enforcement of federal marijuana laws in states that allow the use of marijuana should not be undertaken, while just 37% say the federal government should be involved in enforcing federal marijuana laws in states where marijuana is legal.
Republicans are more likely than Democrats to say federal enforcement of federal marijuana laws in states where marijuana is legal should not be undertaken; fully 54% of Republican lawmakers hold this view, compared with 39% of Democratic lawmakers. Nearly identical shares of independents (64%) say federal enforcement of federal marijuana laws in states where marijuana is legal should not be undertaken, while 31% say it should.
The leading edge of leaning Republicanism has been growing since the late 1990s. In 2002, roughly a quarter (25%) of Republicans said they share some elements of the Republican ideology, while 60% were more liberal. In 2014, 51% share elements of the Republican test, while 42% break elements of the Republican test.
To get a better idea of just how widespread these partisan conflicts really are, we asked Americans what they thought about on a self-administered survey in November. Somewhat unsurprisingly, party divides were widespread. Roughly half (54%) said they see “very strong” or “strong” partisan conflicts between Democrats and Republicans.
In other news markets, the public followed the debate over health care reform more closely than any other story. More than a third of the public (36%) say it was the story they followed most closely. Concern about the economy came a second closely: 15% of Americans say this was the story they followed most closely.
At this point in the Obama presidency, blacks are less than enthusiastic about the chances of a black African American becoming the first black president. Only about a quarter (21%) of the public thinks the chance of this happening in the next 20 years are excellent or good; roughly the same upvotedentitle as meager (13%). Right now, blacks are more than three times as likely as whites as to say the chances of a black African American becoming president are good or poor (55% good vs. 18% poor).
As has been the case for some time now, the issue of inequality is at the forefront of the public’s minds in the wake of the economic crisis. In every country surveyed, people see inequality as a major problem of society. And while still a minority say that corruption is a big problem, it is now below the average level it had reached in spring 2012.
In 2013, the public rated inequality (69% very, 55% very important) and corruption (46% very, 36% important) as the top two problems of society. In both cases, the percentage rating them as very important has remained fairly stable for several years. Inequality is also the second-most serious problem in spring 2013, behind only the lack of jobs.
About 32% of parents with family incomes of $75,000 or more annually and 17% of those with incomes of less than $30,000 annually mentioned activities or going to an after-school program as something that their children were doing or going to do. By contrast, 44% of parents with incomes of $30,000 or less said this among their children.
A voter issue? A more important issue than policy? Opinions differ. In Pew Research Center survey data on statewide measures in Colorado, 41% of voters say emphasizing protection of gun rights is more important than controlling gun ownership.
Similarly, 11% say contacts with officials is more important than policy.
And, in a recent campaign ad, NRA ads were shown on television. The ad claimed that “contact with officials” is “more important than policy.” The ad was labeled “Paid for by the National Rifle Association.” The ad was originally titled “Gun Control.” The ad was later changed to “Gun Policy.” The ad was originally titled “Gun Rights.” The ad was later changed to “Gun Policy.” The ad was originally titled “Gun Ownership.” The ad was later changed to “Gun Policy.” The ad was originally titled “Gun Rights.” The ad was later changed to “Gun Ownership.” The ad was originally titled “Gun Ownership.” The ad was later changed to “Gun Policy.” The ad was originally titled “Gun Rights.” The ad was later changed to “Gun Ownership.” The ad was originally titled “Gun Ownership.” The ad was later changed to “Gun Policy.” The ad was originally titled “Gun Rights.” The ad
Recently the IRS released a report showing that the tax loopholes being exploited by corporations and the wealthy are having a major impact on the federal budget. The IRS found that corporations pay a smaller share of federal taxes than they did in the past, while the tax loopholes used by the wealthy have increased in size and complexity. The IRS also found that the tax system is not fair to the poor: 57% of Americans say that “poor people don’t get their fair share” of the tax system, with Republicans reporting higher rates of unfairness than Democrats (60% vs. 46%).
The United States has more than 11 million Hispanics, or 14.3% of the nation’s total population, and more than 12 million Hispanics live in the top 10 metropolitan areas. Among the 25 largest U.S. metropolitan areas, Los Angeles-Long Beach, California, has the largest Hispanic population of any city, representing 12.8 million Hispanics in 2010. The nation’s largest metropolitan area is New York-Long Island, which has a population of 17.8 million Hispanics in 2010.
Americans have mixed expectations for how things will go with the U.S. president. Respondents were most likely to expect relations between their country and the U.S. to stay about the same (41%), somewhat better (15%) or worse (15%). Still, a little over a quarter (27%) expect things to get better.
Public attitudes toward the U.S.-China economic relationship are more negative. Fully 62% expect their relationship to get worse, while just 12% expect things to improve and another 25% say they don’t know.
Public opinion about the relationship between the U.S. and the European Union is more negative than positive. Roughly half (51%) expect relations with the U.S. president over the next five years to get worse, while just eight% expect things to stay about the same and 37% say nothing can be said. Europeans are also most skeptical than Americans about how things will go with the U.S. and China.
Here’s a handy chart showing the typical patterns of traffic to news sites. (Note: The chart does not include the New York Times, which is not included in the aggregate.)
The most common way people get to news sites is through search engines, but that doesn’t mean they don’t also use other ways. Some people get to news sites by going directly to a news source’s homepage, while others use search engines to find news sites.
The District of Columbia has a 36.2% adult college graduation rate, the highest of all 44 public and local college systems we examined. It also has the highest adult dropout rate, at 11.7% (ages 25 and older).
Overall, the health care legislation enacted by the Obama administration received about as much attention – 99.8% of the public say they followed this story very closely. Vandalism received the same percentage attention (99.6%). Coverage of the unrest in Gaza was second-highest of the week, receiving 99.5% of the public’s attention.
20z_001_001_help_job_career.png
When it comes to the impact of the global economic crisis on their own jobs, two-in-three immigrants ticked the box “helped their job or career” when asked a question last year by Pew Research Center. The same number of domestic workers said the same thing.
Overall, the economic crisis continues to top the list of public interest: 42% say they followed news about the economy very closely last week, and in the past 24 months, more than twice as many have tracked economic news – as tracked by PEJ – than any other major news story.
Overall, Core Conservatives make up 43% of Doña María Ocasio-Cortez’s supporters, according to new Pew Research Center sociological survey data released today. In contrast, 43% of Republican voters overall are politically engaged or lean Republican, and just 5% are more conservative than Republicans.
This year, roughly half of Americans (51%) forecast a better year ahead, while 43% say they expect worse, a slight uptick from mid-year when 47% said they expected improvement. Men (52%) were more likely than women (43%) to say this last year. The share of women who predicted worse improved from 57% in mid-year.
In the March 20-23 survey, 39% said they were following news about the missing plane much more than any other story. Three-in-ten said they followed news about Russia taking control of the Ukraine very or somewhat closely, about the size of interest in the story. Another 30% said the same about the Russian investigation; 15% said they followed news about the U.S. economy very or somewhat closely.
In a 2016 Pew Research Center survey, Democratic support for increasing economic aid to poor people around the world had increased sharply since 2011. And today, 49% of Democrats say they would like to increase spending on economic aid for poor people – a 19 percentage point increase since 2016. Support for increasing spending is much higher among Republican respondents (15%).
Pakistanis prioritize rising prices over other national issues. Asian Muslims generally place economic concerns at the top of their national priority list. Pakistanis rank the price surge at least as high.
But Pakistani respondents are less sanguine about the country’s health care system. Only 62% say poor health care is a very big problem, while 93% say this is not very big a problem. Pakistanis also rank corruption and poor quality schools as very big problems, roughly matching the priority given to global issues such as climate change.
This survey trace Americans’ attitudes toward China, a nation they described as a “socialist economic power” during a 2019 survey. Today, 66% have an unfavorable opinion of China, little changed from the 61% in December 2019.
In this year’s survey, around nine-in-ten Americans (95%) said in December that they had an unfavorable view of China, representing a slight increase from 90% in December 2019. This, however, is still a long way from the 29% unfavorable Chinese opinion recorded in December 2007, during the SARS outbreak.
Concern about climate change is particularly high in Latin America and Africa. In both the Latin American median of 84% and the European median of 80%, seven-in-ten or more say climate change poses a very serious problem for people. In Africa, a similar share of people (52%) are very concerned climate change will harm the way people live.
The 2018 midterm elections are less than a year away, and the same question was last asked in 2014. Fully 69% said Russia or other foreign governments did not influence the midterm elections, while 44% said they probably did not and 18% said they definitely did not.
This report examines the number of mainline Protestants in the U.S., and the share of Americans who attend religious groups other than Protestantism. Pew Research released a new report on the religious landscape in the United States, based on Pew Research Center surveys of Americans conducted from June to September of 2014. The report, titled Religious Landscape Study 2014, estimates that there are 46.0 million mainline Protestants in the United States, compared with 42.2 million mainline Protestants in 2007. This represents a five million decline since 2007.
Despite an increase in partisan gridlock in Congress, the public again expects more polarization and disagreement after the midterm elections than at any point in the last decade
Though Europeans generally tend to be more optimistic than Americans when it comes to the future, they are pessimistically divided on views of the state of the world. Europeans age 18-29 are more likely than those ages 30 and older to believe the global economy will improve in the next year (64% vs. 52%).
Pew Research Center has asked a second question about Iran – which Pew Research Center calls a “country or group that poses the greatest threat to their country in the future.” In a spring 2019 Pew Research Center survey, more than half of Americans (56%) viewed Iran this way, including a record high of 42% who said this was the case in the United States. In five countries, levels of concern about Iran as a threat have dropped by 15 percentage points in the past year – Iran, Lebanon, Canada, Mexico and Kenya. In five countries, concern levels have increased by 10 or more points, including Lebanon (from 20% to 30%) and India (from 26% to 35%).
An Pew Research Center survey of Americans and their neighbors in the Baltic countries conducted in early spring of 2019 shows that confidence in Trump remains low in the U.S. Only about a quarter of Swedes (29%), Lithuanians (29%) and Russians (29%) express confidence in Trump. A median of 64% across these countries express no confidence in Trump.
Though overall ratings for the U.S. are somewhat higher than for Trump, public confidence remains relatively low. Nearly six-in-ten (64%) believe they can have an accurate opinion of what is going on in the United States, but just 54% think they can have an accurate view of Europe and a median of 38% have a mostly favorable view.
In a recent survey of Republicans and Republican leaners, 45% say they either give no job rating or have a negative rating (minus sign) of the standing of the Republican Party. This is the lowest positive measure of how the party is representing key issues in the Trump era held by Republicans since fall 2016.
The survey also finds that 78% of Americans have heard a lot about Laura McCain McCain, compared with just 54% who have heard a lot about President Obama. Obama’s presence on the campaign trail has attracted the public’s attention, as well. In a Pew Research Center poll conducted in January and again in June, 78% of Americans said they had heard a lot about Obama. The public also had heard a lot about Laura McCain McCain (54%), but only 28% said they had.
Experience in private practice tops the list among justices. Currently there are 89 supreme court justices who have at least some prior experience in private practice, dating back to their earliest appointments. (Justice Samuel Alito was a practicing attorney before joining the Supreme Court.) Justice Clarence Thomas, who is currently on the Supreme Court, was a practicing attorney for 15 years before joining the Supreme Court.
Experience in courts and elected office are the second most common experience categories among the justices. A total of 58 current justices, or 46% of the current field, have at least some prior experience in courts or in elected office. Justices in the military, 38% of the current field, also have at least some prior experience in the military.
The public’s views about when a woman wants to have children differ substantially by gender and by whether the woman is a parent. The chart below shows the views of Americans when it is more important for a woman to have children before entering politics or a top executive position in business.
The Pew Research Center’s inaugural Survey of Women in Politics asked 3,704 women to rate the more important goal for a woman to have children before entering politics or to wait until she is well-established in her career as a top executive. (The survey was conducted by Pew Research Center and the American Enterprise Institute, a think tank.) The responses ranged from those who prioritized having children over entering politics or a top executive position in business to the more general assertion that a woman should wait until she is well-established in her career to have children before entering politics or a top executive position in business.
Roughly four-in-ten Americans (41%) say it is more important for a woman to wait until she is well-established in her career to have children before entering politics or a top executive position in business. Some 23% say it is more important for a woman to have children before entering politics or a top executive position in business
However, Hispanics are not entirely without their own “anti-American” leaders. Fully 76% of Hispanics have a favorable view of Obama. This is the highest percentage of any president since the 1960s. At the same time, however, 73% of Hispanics view George W. Bush unfavorably.
Yet Bush is not the only politician that Hispanics dislike. Fully 69% of Hispanics cannot remember whether they have heard of Barack Obama, and 27% cannot remember Bush.
Another measure of public sentiment about the situation in Iraq and Syria, including the extent to which the military effort against ISIS is going well, has been less positive. About half of Americans (58%) say the U.S.-led military effort is going at least somewhat well, while 35% say it is not too-or-all well. In July of this year, more Americans (62%) said the U.S. military effort in Iraq and Syria was going at least somewhat well.
Trump’s supporters are much more certain that they would know something about where he stands on the important issues. About half of all voters (48%) say they know a lot about where Trump stands on immigration, and roughly four-in-ten say the same about gun policy, oil drilling, taxes, terrorism, the environment, and trade.
However, the partisan gap is much wider in knowledge of Trump’s positions on these issues. Just three-in-ten of all voters say they know a lot about where Trump stands on immigration, compared with 58% of Republicans and Republican leaners. Democrats and Democratic leaners are far more likely to say they know something about immigration (39%) and about other issues (48%).
Trump supporters are also more likely than Democrats to know something about where he stands on trade, and on taxes. Slightly more Republicans say they know a lot about trade (41%) than Democrats (30%). And while Trump voters are more likely than Democrats to know something about taxes (58% vs. 32%), this is not nearly as much of a partisan divide as in other issues.
Fact-based reporting varies widely on cable networks. This year’s midterm elections have seen a number of stories that have dominated the news coverage of the two major cable news networks. According to the Pew Research Center’s News Coverage Index, MSNBC and Fox News have devoted a combined 15% of their programming to reporting about fact-based issues, such as climate change, the environment and the economy. CNN, however, has devoted just 5% of its airtime to fact-based programming.
On Feb. 27, the Supreme Court upheld the constitutionality of the Affordable Care Act, which guarantees free health insurance to all Americans regardless of income. The ruling was the culmination of a long-running battle over the law, which originally passed the Senate and House of Representatives but was blocked by President Barack Obama.
The Supreme Court’s ruling was the first in a long line of victories for the health care law in recent years. Pew Research Center surveys in 2014 found that just 42% of Hispanics approved of the ACA, down from 61% in 2010.
The program allows unauthorized immigrants who have already come to the U.S. legally to renew their status legally. The renewal program is open to immigrants who have already come to the U.S. legally, regardless of their current legal status. The renewal program also includes individuals who have already come to the U.S. legally, but have not yet come to the U.S. legally for the first time.
The program is open to men and women, regardless of gender reassignment. The program is open to immigrants of all ages, ranging from 16 to 83.
Democrats and social democracy are more popular in Western Europe than in North America. In 15 European countries surveyed, majorities or pluralities believe it is important for immigrants from other countries to have their family background to truly be one of us. This view is particularly common in Italy, Germany and France. Majorities in Germany and France favor their countries’ policies on immigration.
Republicans generally feel less confident than Democrats that the economy is recovering from the Great Recession. fermeribly, 33% of Republicans, 19% of Democrats and 22% of independents say the economy is recovering from the Great Recession, but not strongly.
In 2014-15, Hispanics made up 28% of all public school students in the U.S. (and 22% of all public students), up from 14% in the previous school year, according to U.S. Department of Education data. The increase comes as the number of Hispanic public school students has grown faster than the total U.S. population, and Hispanic students now make up 28% of all public school students.
Dropout rates for Hispanic 18- to 24-year-olds have fallen to record lows, while black and Asian-American dropout rates have remained steady since 2005. In 2014, 12% of Hispanic 18- to 24-year-olds were dropping out of high school, compared with 5% of blacks and 1% of Asians, according to data from the U.S. Census Bureau. In 2005, for example, 16% of Hispanic 18- to 24-year-olds were dropping out of high school, compared with 12% of blacks and 5% of Asians.
Nine-in-ten voters (68%) say the progress made so far in helping American workers get the skills and training they need to get a well-paying job is at least somewhat of a fair or poor job. Fewer (29%) say the progress so far is most personally disappointing, while 17% say the progress is most disappointing to their family and friends.
Clinton is more negative than Trump in her assessment of how the public views the progress being made on skills and training. Fully 68% of voters say the progress being made on skills and training is fair, while just 29% say it is an excellent or good job; just 6% say it is poor.
Trump’s lack of experience ranks as the top concern among those who strongly or moderately back their candidate. Three-quarters of Republicans (72%) say this concern arises to some or very much. Two-thirds (66%) say he is not experienced enough to be able to govern well, while 49% say this arises to some or very much. Puerta Clariond said the same in both surveys.
Clinton receives comparable – and slightly – higher concern ratings. Pew Research Center surveying the general public, finds that Clinton is the top concern for 68% – among which 49% are very concerned. Her biggest concern is number one – being unable to govern well (34%). Puerta Clariond also finds concern about her being unable to govern (34%) and her dishonesty/secrecy (17%).
How do temporary employment visas compare to other types of visas? There are more than 1.5 million temporary employment visas outstanding as of September 2018, and they are used to fill temporary jobs that are not permanent. While there are many different types of temporary employment visas, the Pew Research Center analyzed two of them, known as H-1B and H-2A visas, and found that they are used in roughly the same way by employers and by the same people.
Overall, the H-1B and H-2A visas accounted for a quarter of all temporary employment visas in fiscal 2017, or 113,000 of the 445,000 issued. (The H-1B and H-2A visas are administered by the U.S. Department of State.) Among the other types of temporary employment visas, there were 234,224 of them, or 9% of the total.
The war in Syria and the conflict in Yemen have been two of the largest drivers of the increase in the number of forcibly displaced people in 2017. In the Middle East and North Africa, the total number of people living in conflict – including refugees, displaced persons and asylum seekers – reached 20.6 million, up from 13.0 million in 2016.
Facebook is a top source for political news among Millennials, while television is a top source for older adults. Nearly two-thirds (61%) of Millennials say they relied on Facebook for news about politics and government last week, according to a recent Pew Research Center survey. By comparison, 60% of Baby Boomers and 39% of older Millennials report this.
Obama’s approval rating as a job performer is also falling. 33% of the public now approves of the way he is handling his job performance, compared with 49% in 2014. In contrast, 33% approve of the way Republican President Barack Obama is handling his job as well; 43% disapprove, compared with 55% in 2014.
And these social media users also are more likely to feel worn out by the amount of political content they see on their news feeds. One potential reason for this is that social media users who are exposed to a lot of political content on a daily basis are less likely to engage with political content. For example, 20% of U.S. adults say they don’t feel strongly with either positive or negative toward political news, and Americans ages younger than 35 are more likely than those 50 and older to say this (24%).
Paid parental leave is a relatively recent phenomenon in the United States, but it is already common in many European countries and some Asian nations. Indeed, in 2012, 21 states and the District of Columbia had paid parental leave, and paid leave was available to both biological and adopted parents. But paid parental leave is still a relatively new phenomenon in the United States, and the gender gap on paid parental leave remains large.
Full-time workers ages 30 to 34 are paid less than their male and female counterparts by a median of $1,000 per year. Full-time workers who are paid the same as their gender-matched full-time co-workers receive $1,000 less per year.
Paid parental leave is associated with a larger gender gap in pay for full-time workers in the Czech Republic, Finland, Australia, Japan, South Korea, Canada, Ireland, Belgium, New Zealand and the Netherlands. Full-time workers paid the same as their gender-matched co-workers receive $1,000 less per year.
Democrats enjoy an overwhelming advantage among Latino registered voters in U.S. congressional and House elections: 63% of Latino registered voters in New York, home to one of the country’s largest Latino populations, express support for the Democratic candidate of their district if the elections were held today, whereas just 29% say they would back the Republican.
Despite this, Democrats are also making inroads into Latino voter registration. In 2016, 29 Hispanic registered voters voted Democratic, compared with 28 in 2014. Today, 63% of Hispanic registered voters back Democratic congressional candidates.
Many Trump and Clinton supporters say they wouldn’t vote for their own candidate in the general election if the opposing candidate were their choice. In a 2016 survey, conducted before the primaries in June, roughly half or more Republican and Democratic candidate supporters said their choice of the opposing candidate was more likely than any other candidate or no chance of voting for any candidate except their own.
Americans also see themselves in this global power contest. Asked whether the U.S. plays a more important or less important role in world affairs than it did 10 years ago, less than half (44%) in the U.StructEnd expressed confidence in their answer. Instead, Americans believe the Chinese have gained a more important role in world affairs. No doubt, China’s economy has boomed since President Xi took office in 2013.
Across most countries, people also see China playing a more important role in world affairs than it did 10 years ago. Again, however, the U.S. plays a less important role. Americans see China’s global role as increasing — 56% see it as more important now than it was 10 years ago.
In Russia itself, Putin’s popularity is closely tied to his ability to promote the country’s foreign policy. Favorable public attitudes of Putin are associated with a right-wing populist party in each country included in the poll. For example, among Germans, Italians, French, the Netherlands, and Swedes polled by Pew Research Center in 2016, it was Putin himself who emerged as the top candidate for doing the best job of furthering world affairs.
But when it comes to Putin’s ability to do the right thing on world affairs, Europeans who have a favorable view of Putin also have a positive view of the Russian leader. For example, among Germans, 49% have a favorable view of Putin. Among Italians, roughly six-in-ten (62%) have a positive opinion of Putin. Among French, about a quarter (27%) approve of Putin. Among Germans, roughly three-in-ten (31%) approve of the 2016 Arab Spring Revolution.
The American Baptist in Foreign Parts, a Southern Baptist congregation in California, is the political party farthest to the right. It supports more individualism and less government regulation than any other religious group upvoted this year. The American Baptist in Foreign Parts is the only religious group polled that does not have a majority support for Democrats or any party. And it is the only group polled that does not have a majority of Americans identify as Hindus.
Global income growth from 1988 to 2008 is dominated by China, which grew at an average annual rate of 8.5%. This growth has been accompanied by a decline in income growth for the poorest nations, particularly in Latin America, the Middle East, and Africa.
When peR cent of the country has a good or positive view of the economy, it is the top political issue in Argentineans’ top three in the chart: 44% listing it as the most important issue the country faces, compared with a much smaller share (20%) naming job creation.
To explore the importance of life goals, Pew Research Center asked Mormons in the U.S. what their top life goals are. In doing so, Pew Research Center found that Mormons in the U.S. have similar life goals to the general public. At the same time, Mormons — particularly women — have their own unique set of life goals.
Democrats were more likely to contribute to candidates than Republicans to contribute to candidates. The shares of Americans who contributed were slightly higher among Democrats than among Republicans – 22% of Democrats and 10% of Republicans say they contributed to a candidate campaign or opposed candidate, according to the Pew Research Center for the Self-Reliant American survey, which was conducted in collaboration with the Pew Research Center’s Social & CulturalScapeboard project.
About a third of Americans (35%) followed news about the Japanese earthquake and tsunami very closely. Roughly as many (34%) said they were following the debate over a constitution for Egypt very closely. News of the vote in Egypt’s national assembly attracted less attention: Just 23% said they were paying very close attention to the vote and this issue.
Over the course of the conflict, Americans have become more positive about the role of Ukraine and Russia in U.S. foreign affairs. Six-in-ten Americans say Russia and Ukraine are important to the United States: 35% say very and 30% say somewhat.
Much less than one-in-three Americans (31%) say an increasing number of people of many different races, ethnicities and nationalities makes for a worse place in the country. However, public opinion about the impact of diversity varies by age and education. Younger Americans – both those who have not completed college and those who have completed college but are not working are less likely to say an increasing number of people of many different races, ethnicities and nationalities makes for a better place in the country. About one-third of Americans with at least a college degree (37%) say the same.
Public opinion on the impact of diversity varies by race and ethnicity, and by education level. Whites and blacks are more likely than Hispanics or Asians to say the growing number of people of many different races, ethnicities and nationalities makes for a better place in the country. Whites are also more likely than Hispanics or Asians to say a growing number of people of many different races, ethnicities and nationalities make the U.S. a worse place.
Voters ages 50 and older make up 36% of presidential voters today, compared with 44% of Millennials and those born after 2000. Among voters under 50, Millennial voters are more evenly split: 46% younger than older adults, and 41% of younger than older adults.
Seven-in-ten Nigerians hold a positive view of Muslims in Nigeria. Seven-in-ten Muslims in Nigeria feel well-cerned about Christians, and more than half in each group (58% of Muslims, 64% of Christians) say that “relations between Christians and Muslims in Nigeria are generally good.” An equal or slightly higher proportion of Nigerians than other Muslims in other countries feel the same way about the relationship between Christians and Muslims in the United States.
This divide is reflected in the way Americans and Europeans feel about free speech. A 2012 Pew Research Center survey found that nearly nine-in-ten Americans (87%) said “people should be able to make statements that are offensive to minority groups as publicly as they can.” Europeans also are more tolerant of free speech than their counterparts. With the exception of the UK, Europeans are roughly twice as likely to favor free speech over offensiveness toward minorities (54% vs. 27%). This is true across all age groups, with the exception of those under 30 who are about even with the UK.
Along with the budget debate, Republicans and Democrats in Congress faced a major legislative milestone last week with the passage of the American Cancer Act of 2013, which includes a major rebalancing of the Medicare program. The new law is the first major health care legislation enacted by Congress since passage of the Affordable Care Act in March 2010. Conducted Sept. 4-8, this amMédaille-barometer.org survey finds that partisan differences in opinion about the ACA are largely unchanged. Currently, in the Pew Research Center’s amMédaille.org database of 11,600 surveys conducted in English and Spanish, 44% of respondents say they strongly or somewhat agree with the statement, “The law is good for the country.”
As more immigrants have reached the American scene in recent years, English proficiency among the foreign born has increased since 2010. Today, most immigrants ages 5 and older (55%) are proficient in English if not fluent, according to a 2017 analysis by Pew Research Center by Census Bureau estimates.
In 2010, roughly three-quarters (72%) of immigrants ages 5 and older spoke only English at home, or spoke English only “some” at home. Among immigrants ages 5 and older who speak English proficiently, roughly half (52%) speak only English at home, or speak English only “some” at home.
As the number of newly married adults has increased, so too have the number of cohabitation and marriage “crashes” or “breaks” among newlyweds, according to the Pew Research Center’s American Family Survey. Crashes occur when newlyweds move into a new home together and later decide to live together in a separate room, basement or other space.
Pew Research Center’s analysis of the ACS data found that the number of newly married adults increased from 4.1 million in 2010 to 4.32 million in 2012, and again from 4.21 million in 2011 to 4.23 million in 2012.
Americans ages 18 and older (representing 53% of all internet users) are roughly twice as likely as Americans ages 50 and older (27%) to say they go online for fun and pass the time on a typical day. Younger adults are more likely than older adults to say they go online for fun and pass the time on a typical day.
For voters in races where one party controls Congress over the other, this is more of an issue for the candidate who holds the House majority than for the minority. Fewer this year describe Congress as a big factor in their vote. This change in opinion reflects the fact that this year this will be a highly competitive race for majority leader between Rep. John Boehner, Republican of Kentucky, and Speaker of the House Paul Ryan, Republican of Wisconsin. This change also comes at a time when the GOP has gained control of the House and Senate.
Rural Americans are also more likely than suburban and urban whites to say jobs in their community are hard to find and that the growing number of immigrants working in the U.S. is hurting American workers. And they are more concerned about the economic future of their children than their own.
Among Millennials, 37% say it is okay for married people to marry someone different from them, while 47% say marriage is a bad thing. In contrast, only 30% of Baby Boomers say it is okay for married people to marry someone different from them, while 60% say marriage is a bad thing.
The Spanish public also has favorable views of the National Front. More than half (51%) of the public holds favorable views, despite concerns that the party is too far to the right. Spaniards who are religiously unaffiliated express the lowest level of support (82%).
The poor face negative press coverage overall. Four-in-ten say that negative television coverage makes them feel very negative about a group; just 6% feel very positive. Head-on coverage of the poor tends to make people feel less negative to reporters, especially minorities. Three-quarters or more say negative coverage makes them feel very negative about Muslims, and majorities or half or more say the same about blacks, the poor, middle-class people, healthy people, Hispanics and gays and lesbians.
This lack of access is especially common in emerging and developing nations. For example, roughly seven-in-tenemenians (77%) in Japan say they are given strange numbers because they use the mobile network, and a similar share say they have trouble paying for their phone plan because they use the service. Similarly, around six-in-ten mobile phone owners in Tunisia (60%), Jordan (43%), the Philippines (41%), Venezuela (40%), Colombia (42%), and Vietnam (40%) say they have trouble finding a place to charge their mobile phone.
For example, Nevada, which has the highest number of residents who are evangelical Protestants, also has the highest percentage of adults who are steering-authorized voters. About nine-in-ten Nevada residents (93%) are steering-authorized voters, and 11.4 per 100 adult residents.
By comparison, the least religiously-affiliated states include Montana, where only 4.8 residents out of 100 are steering-authorized voters. Montana also has the lowest per-resident steering authorization rate, at just 1.3.
Overall, 30% of the public say they followed campaign news very closely in the period preceding the midterm elections; 24% said the same in July; and just 17% closely followed the election news in January.
An Pew Research Center survey conducted in May and June found that while many Americans reported being exposed to a wide range of content on social media, many said they were positively impacted by what they saw. For example, 49% said seeing content about mental health issues on social media made them feel inspired, and 21% said they felt connected to others.
CBS’ This Week in Music is the only cable network with a morning show devoted to music programming, and its ratings have been on a upswing since the network began airing the show in 2016. The ratings for the show have been boosted by its guest appearances by musicians such as Taylor Swift, Carrie Underwood and Miranda Lambert.
In the new survey by Pew Research Center, we again asked Americans whether immigrants coming to the U.S. have a worse or better impact on the country. Here also, Republicans are more likely than Democrats to say immigrants have a worse effect on the long run. A 59% majority of Republicans say immigrants coming to the U.S. have a worse effect, compared with just 37% of Democrats.
Americans have a generally negative view of GEI. Just 49% give the organization a positive rating. Globally, a median of 66% of Americans (including 72% of Americans under age 50) say GEI is a bad thing because it lowers wages and creates new markets that cost jobs.
Americans have mixed assessments of the health risks and benefits of gene editing. A new Pew Research Center survey of 4,001 U.S. adults finds that a majority of Americans (63%) say they receive good or excellent care from their health care provider, but only around one-third (35%) of Americans say medical researchers understand the health effects of gene editing at least fairly well.
Puerto Rico’s net migration – the difference in net migration between a country’s total immigration imbalance and its total net outmigration – dropped to its lowest point since 2009, according to newly released U.S. Census Bureau data for 2018.
The country’s population last year had 3.1 million residents and 3.2 million immigrants, according to the Census Bureau’ 2019 population estimates. The nation’s net migration rate was -1.5 million immigrants per thousand residents in 2018, the lowest rate since 2009, when it was -1.6 million immigrants per thousand.
In surveys by The Pew Research Center’s American National Election Study conducted by the Pew Research Center and the Anthony L Émilew Center for Political Research, Democrats increasingly identify with their party. The shift in partisan identification has been driven by a shift in the way the survey is administered. In 2000 and 2004, the survey was administered to a sample of 2,000 adults. But in 2012 and 2016, the survey was administered to a sample of 4,000 adults. The survey is administered to a sample of 4,000 adults in a nationally representative sample. The survey is conducted by Pew Research Center pollistors and is not representative of all Americans.
The most recent survey by The Pew Research Center a national exit poll matching the identified sample with the exit poll identifies Democrats as more likely than Republicans to identify with their party. Two-in-ten Democrats (44%) say they identify with the Democratic Party, compared with 21% of Republicans. The exit poll does not match the identified sample, however, and does not match the Democratic National Convention, which is a different event.
Older Americans, however, are more likely than their younger counterparts to say they try to talk about politics with their family. For example, about eight-in-ten (82%) of those who say they share political views with family say “trying to avoid” is trying, though roughly three-in-ten (32%) of those who say their family doesn’t share political views reply by saying “nothing.”
For adults who say they and their family share political views, 65% say that most (or all) people, including a few a few people, share their political views. Still, some 14% say most (or all) people do not share their political views.
In the eyes of Europeans, climate change is now seen as a major threat to their country in the eyes of the general public. In 2017, 71% of Europeans described climate change as a major threat to their country. In 2012, just 52% did. The only issues that Europeans considered a major threat to their country in 2012 were the terrorist attacks on Paris and San Francisco and the nuclear program in North Korea.
Republicans’ willingness to cooperate with Obama also is down. While majorities (53% of Republicans, partisans and Democrats who don’t lean toward a party) and just 38% of Republicans say Republicans will cooperate less with the president in the coming years, 62% of independents and 69% of Democrats say there will not be much cooperation from Republicans. Libertans say there will not much (14%) or at all (4%) cooperation from Republicans.
Republicans’ skepticism about cooperation with Obama is particularly striking given the recent GOP-led Congress’ passage of a bill that would require the president to seek bipartisan support for major domestic and foreign policy initiatives. The Pew Research Center survey was conducted Dec. 3 to 7 among 3,251 U.S. adults, including 903 who were asked to rate the likelihood that the following statement “in the next two years Republicans and Democrats will cooperate with Obama to cooperate on major domestic and foreign issues.” Respondents were asked to self-select among three options: “Great deal or fair amount,” “Not much at all” or “Not at all.”
Nonetheless, public concern about climate change has increased sharply since the International Conference on Climate Change in Paris in late 2008. Currently, 83% say there is solid proof of global warming; in January of 2009, just 53% said this. Partisan divisions continue to be substantial regardless of party affiliation. Republicans (35%), independents (53%) and Democrats (75%) are about equally likely as independents to view solid proof of global warming.
As with the spread of climate change knowledge, the percentage saying there is solid proof of global warming has increased since the 2008 conference. Currently, 91% say there is solid proof of global warming, up from 86% in January 2009.
In addition to their political views, Democrats also differ ideologically by age, gender and race and ethnicity. While 54% of Democrats ages 18 to 29 say they are concerned an other man feasibly could run for president, fewer of those (46%) say that they same-aged Republicans same concern. Kenyurtender Democrats (68%) are more likely than conservative partisans (48% concerned) and GOP backers without a full-time job (57% concerned) to say they are worried an other partisan candidate could run for president.
Among Democrats in their first year of congressional office, 59% say they themselves are concerned Republicans will nominate an other man, while fewer (41%) say the same of Democratic candidates.
Among younger Democrats, Black and Hispanic Democrats are more likely than whites to say they are concerned an other man (72% vs. 51%) and women (59% vs. 41%) say so. Younger Democrats are also more likely than older Democrats to say they themselves are concerned a GOP candidate will run for president (82% vs. 56%).
A single question asked in question four does not reveal the full picture of attitudes toward the UK’s departure from the EU. For one thing, people in the UK are skeptical about how the UK would hurt the EU. While 59% of respondents felt this way in Sweden, majorities in Germany, the Netherlands, Poland and Spain agree. Meanwhile, in France, Italy and Greece, views are less negative.
In many countries, concern about international terrorism ranks as a top concern for people. For example, in Jordan and Pakistan, in both of which Islamic extremist groups currently operate clandestinely, the public expressed strong concern about the problem. In Jordan, 52% said “Islamic extremist groups” was a major threat. In Pakistan, 49% said the same about the problem of Islamic extremist groups.
Three times as many respondents self-identify as Hispanic as mixed-race or “mixed,” or “hispanic,” according to the new analysis of the 2014 National Survey of Latinos by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press. Roughly four-in-ten Hispanic Americans and 13 higher-contentLoaded mixed-race respondents select this for themselves. Roughly one-in-ten African Americans and 10 higher-quality mixed-race respondents select this for their own part of the population.
A large majority of Americans say they expect an effective treatment for the coronavirus and that the focus will be on developing effective medical treatments. Some 83% of adults say an effective treatment for COVID-19 will occur within their lifetime, for example.
The American public’s overall outlook on progress toward health goals is positive. About five-in-ten (54%) say the country is making progress on the question “Overall, how do you feel about the way things are going on health issues in this country?”
In light of the current election, 53% of voters back Republican Donald Trump for president, compared with 44% who back Bernie Sanders. After the 2008 campaign, about half (53%) of Republican voters supported then-Rep. John McCain for president, compared with 59% of Democratic voters.
Similar to the partisan gap for the presidential campaign in 2008, the GOP has a “negative” vote advantage among Republican and Republican-leaning voters. Among the 71% of Republican voters surveyed in the 2008 campaign, 53% supported choice choices over their party’s candidate, compared with 44% who prioritized Party choice. Among Democratic voters, 53% opposed choice choices over their party’s candidate, compared with 58% who prioritized Party choice.
There has been a resurgence of restrictions on religion in Egypt and other Arab countries since Mubarak’s ouster, according to a new report by the Arab Spring Index. The index scores countries based on a number of indicators, including the treatment of religious minorities, the level of government interference with religious groups, and the level of freedom of speech. The Middle East is home to some of the most repressive regimes in the world, but the index ranks Egypt particularly high.
The Arab Spring Index ranks 19 countries in the Middle East and North Africa, including Egypt, at the top of its list. Egypt gets a score of 8.9 out of 10, the highest of any region. The index is based on a number of indicators, including government restrictions on religion, the level of government interference with religion, and the level of freedom of speech.
As phones have become more common in the home, teens have also become more likely to own cell phones of their own. Fully 84% of 17-year-olds own a cell phone, compared with roughly half of 12-year-olds and 41% of 13-year-olds.
The average average tariff rate for 117 countries and territories in 2017 was 19.1% across all goods and 16.6% for sugar and confections. The average tariff for the United States was 12.6% compared with 16.6% for sugar and confections.
Among the 117 countries, the United States had the lowest average tariff rate for beverages and tobacco (12.6%), sugar and confections (16.6%) and fibers (13.9%). The tariff for textiles and fabrics was the highest at 22.9%, followed by the average tariff for animal products at 2.2%.
The Pew Research Center’s News Coverage Index of the presidential campaign has tracked the amount of coverage of the candidates and their positions by the press each campaign week. The index ranges from 0 to 100, where 0 is the lowest score possible and 100 is the highest. Higher scores indicate greater coverage of the campaign.
The index is calculated by counting the number of stories published by the press in the weekly News Coverage Index. The index is based on a simple formula that takes into account the number of stories published by the press in each campaign week and the relative visibility of each candidate. The index is designed to measure the extent to which the press has given each candidate the attention he or she deserves.
The Pew Research Center’s News Coverage Index is available for all candidates running for president, as well as congressional districts, state and local offices and other public offices. It is available weekly from June 2008 through the end of the 2012 campaign.
The survey, conducted Aug. 15-21, also finds that large majorities in this country are not confident in Trump to negotiate favorable trade agreements with other countries, make wise appointments to the federal courts or make wise decisions about nuclear weapons. About four-in-ten (49%) are very not confident that Trump can negotiate favorable trade agreements with other countries, including 27% who are not too confident, and 27% who are not too confident in Trump making wise decisions about trade agreements with other countries. About half are not too or very confident in Trump making wise decisions about nuclear weapons (58%), making wise appointments to the federal courts (52%) or making wise decisions about immigration policies (50%).
In addition, 59% are not too or very confident in Trump in his handling of nuclear weapons, and 43% are not too confident in his handling of immigration policy. Again, there is a similar lack of confidence in Trump when it comes to making wise decisions about the use of nuclear weapons and about immigration policies.
Following the shootings at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut, 57% of the public reports hearing some thing “last week about the possibility that the president may announce sweeping changes to gun laws.” That is fallen modestly from 47% registered that concept after the shootings at Parkland Memorial High School in Texas in March.
Social networking use among Americans has increased dramatically since 2006, when just 14% of 18- to 29-year-olds were online.
Interest in the presidential campaign edged past oil prices and the situation in Iraq as the most closely followed stories Feb. 26.
The campaign also received considerable media coverage. Of all the major stories, campaign coverage received the most attention, with 46% of the public following campaign news more closely than any other story. Oil prices came in second, with 17% of the public following that story very closely. In addition, the campaign accounted for 52% of the national newshole devoted to Feb. 26-28. Coverage of the Iraq war remained relatively low. Only 10% of the public followed news about the U.S. military effort in Iraq very closely.
A new analysis finds that smartphone ownership among U.S. adults is increasing, but especially low-income Americans remain largely dependent on their devices for online activities. Roughly half of Americans ages 18 and older own a smartphone in 2019, and smartphone ownership has risen 11 percentage points since 2013. However, among those who rely primarily on their smartphone for online activities, the prevalence of low-income Americans has increased by 26 percentage points since 2013.
There are wide ideological differences within Democrats on immigration. While 37% of Democrats ages 18 to 29 favor a higher federal immigration limit, a majority (57%) prefer a kept-at-its-present level, and just 34% want it decreased.
Compared with Republicans, there are less divergent views: Republicans ages 18 to 49 are more likely than Democrats to favor a higher limit (49% vs. 35%), while 50% of Republicans ages 50 and older prefer a kept-at-its-present level.
In Pew Research Center’s most recent survey of Israel and its neighboring Arab countries, conducted in July-August 2017, Israelis tend to favor volunteering opinions about Palestinians than those in neighboring countries who favor Israel. Among Israelis, 75% say they sympathize more with Palestinians than with Israel, while 64% of neighboring Arab Muslims say the same.
Whites are the majority eligible voters in the U.S. today, but Hispanics are up slightly in their voter turnout rate compared with blacks and Asians, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of 2014 election results. The chart below shows the midterm voter turnout rate for whites, Hispanics, Asians and blacks from 1986 to 2014.
Iran’s image has slipped since the 2006 Persian Gulf War, when many Muslim countries backed the U.S. against Iran. Iran’s overall favorability rating stagnated at 77% in 2006, but that dropped to 56% in 2012 and fell further in 2015, when only 49% of Muslims have a positive impression of Iran. Jordan is the only Muslim country polled by Pew in the top three tiers of favorability for Iran, at 17%. Pakistan is the only country polled in the top three tiers of disfavor, at 57%.
In a Pew Research Center survey conducted in January 2017, 76% of Americans said they had a favorable view of labor unions, up from 59% six years ago. Currently, about four-in-ten Americans (39%) have unfavorable views of unions, similar to the 44% who said the same in January 2011.
The public’s opinions of corporate business corporations also have changed little over this time frame. Currently, about half of Americans (52%) have a favorable view of corporations, compared with 46% six years ago.
One possibility is that mobile news consumption is more “passive” than desktop. For example, if people are using their phones for short bursts and scrolling through content, they may be less likely to engage with long-form articles. But smartphone users who use long-form articles more often are more likely to spend more time reading them and to engage with them more.
Pariser analyzed data from a large, randomized group of mobile news publishers, and found that long-form articles get more time than twice the engaged time across short-form articles. In addition, mobile users who use long-form articles get about the same number of visitors as those who use short-form articles.
History has shown that when it comes to media, the younger the consumer, the more likely he or she is to be a digital first-time. According to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in August, 70% of young adults younger than 30 who subscribe to a cable or satellite television service say that is the primary way they watch television. Older adults, on the other hand, tend to rely on streaming services over traditional cable.
Foreign students matriculating in associate, bachelor’s, master’s and doctoral degree programs have steadily increased since the start of the Great Recession, but the pace of growth has slowed somewhat in recent years.
There were 19,000 foreign students enrolled in associate degrees in 2016, down from 21,000 in 2004, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. Education Statistics data. There were 20,000 foreign students enrolled in bachelor’s degrees in 2004, compared with 16,000 in 2016. And there were 15,000 foreign students enrolled in master’s degrees in 2004, compared with 11,000 in 2016.
Colombians in the U.S. are a fast-growing nation. In 2013, there were about 653,000 Colombian-origin adults living in the U.S., according to a Pew Research Center analysis of the Current Population Survey. This represents a 65% increase since 2005, when there were about 177,000 Colombian Americans.
The presidential election in France, and the deadly terrorist attacks against Western Europe’s largest oil company, Total, dominate the public’s news agenda. When the Center first began asking about the French election, 44% followed it exactly. The public also showed this same level of interest in the deadly terrorist attacks against Total on June 7, 2011.
30% followed the presidential election more closely than any other major story, while 21% followed the Total attack very closely.
When asked about the tone and content of information they see on their mobile phones, roughly half of Indians (51%) are at least a little concerned that young people could end up with false or incorrect information. But Indians’ views about the issue vary widely by age, gender and education. Around a quarter of Indian adults (26%) say it is not too much trouble for young people to end up with false or incorrect information on their mobile phones, while 56% say it is a pretty big problem.
As with other issues related to digital technology, Indians’ views about the issue are split by gender and education. Roughly four-in-ten Indian adults (45%) say young people should have a high degree of exposure to false or incorrect information on their mobile phones, while 22% say it is not too much trouble for them. Among Indians with a higher education, 55% say it is a pretty big problem for young people to end up with false or incorrect information on their mobile phones, compared with 29% who say it is not too much of a problem.
Americans followed the debt crisis very closely: In a June survey, 38% followed the economic troubles very closely. Public interest in economic news was also highest in June 2010 following the earthquake and tsunami in Japan. In a recent survey, 22% say they followed news about the economy very closely; at the time of the June 2011 survey, the story was the top story.
The war in Afghanistan received similar treatment: In a June-July 2011 survey, 10% followed war in Afghanistan very closely; at the time, nine% said they had followed the war very closely.
In both surveys, the war in Afghanistan was the top story reported by 10%. In the June 2011 survey, it was second only to the economic crisis.
An Pew Research Center survey conducted early this month found that the vast majority of Americans (76%) say the national government, their state government and local governments have been overreacting in their response to the outbreak caused by the novel coronavirus.
About eight-in-ten U.S. adults (79%) say reacting to the outbreak has not been nothing but trouble. On the other hand, an identical majority of Americans (86%) say local school systems have not been taking the outbreak seriously enough.
osalary, for example, reported that the trust of black communities in police is declining. In 2014, only 17% of blacks had “a great deal” confidence the police would treat them equally to whites, down from 43% who expressed this view in 1995.
The Japanese are skeptical about the use of military force to combat terrorism. On the one hand, 79% support efforts to combat terrorism through military force, but 14% believe the overwhelming use of military force is the only way to defeat terrorism. While while more Japanese (89%) oppose the use of drones to fight terrorism than did so for military force to defeat terrorism in 2001, while more Japanese oppose drones than did so for efforts to combat terrorism through military force in 2002, still only 26% support drones to fight terrorism.
A survey conducted in March and April 2018 by the Pew Research Center’s nationally representative Center for Health, Science and the Environment finds that half of Americans (50%) say that people will not routinely travel in space in the next 50 years, while another 50% say they will routinely travel in space. These views are largely unchanged from December 2017, when 51% said people will not routinely travel in space and about as many (53%) said they will routinely travel in space.
Americans are also less interested than they were five years ago. Roughly half of U.S. adults (58%) say they are not interested in going into space or touring it before 2050, while 42% say they would be interested. Americans’ ambivalence on this issue has remained relatively stable since 2017, when just 45% were not interested and 49% said they were.
Three-in-ten Americans (31%) are following “very closely” or “fairly closely” news about the coronavirus outbreak while giving minimal attention to the presidential campaign, according to a new Pew Research Center survey. This is roughly the same share of the public (33%) who have been paying very closely about focusing on U.S. politics more than the coronavirus outbreak (19%).
In terms of overall public interest, the public again ranked the 2008 presidential campaign — which, as previously reported, ranked higher than either the economy or any specific news story — as the story Americans were following most closely last week (29%). Other stories focused on the economy (24%) and the Iraq war (11%).
For the first time in living memory, Israeli Jews are divided on the issue of the construction of Jewish settlements in the Palestinian territories. About as many Israeli Jews as a hold that the building of Jewish settlements in the Palestinian territories helps Israel’s security. And roughly one-in-three Jews, on the other hand, believe such settlements have a negative impact on Israel’s security. For the first time in history, Jews are fully split on this issue.
Israeli Jews about two-thirds (67%) hold that the building of Jewish settlements in the Palestinian territories helps Israel’s security; 25% say it makes no difference and 27% say it hurts Israel’s security. On the other hand, 42% Israeli Jews believe that Jewish settlements have a negative impact on the Palestinian territories’ security; 31% believe they help Israel’s security; and 35% say they hurt Israel’s security. Survey data from October 2014 and May 2015 show Israelis’ views have changed little in recent years.
About eight-in-ten Americans say they receive too much or no information at all from the Chinese government about the novel coronavirus. And an overwhelming majority of Americans believe China has handled the outbreak badly.
Opinions on whether they get information from the Chinese government about the coronavirus are linked to a person’s political ideology. Roughly four-in-ten Democrats (44%) say they receive not too much, not at all or no information at all not much information from the Chinese government about the coronavirus, while a similar share of Republicans (49%) say they receive too much or no information. Democrats and Republicans also differ on the extent to which they believe China has handled the outbreak well. Two-thirds of Democrats (64%) say China’s handling of the outbreak has been good or fair, while 37% of Republicans believe China’s handling has been poor.
But while a strong majority of Americans back union freedom for public servants (79%), going on collective bargaining deals (80%) and collective bargaining (78%) and to protest labor unrest (78%), there are few objections, according to a survey by the Pew Research Center’s Social & Culture Project.
And while the professed benefits of labor unions are widely supported, there are few objections. Support for labor unions outstrips opposition by lopsided proportions.
Currently, 82% across the board – including majorities of whites, blacks and Hispanics – say that manufacturing and factory workers should be able to unionize. Similarly, by a 57% to 28% margin, Americans say that public transport workers should be able to unionize.
Police and firefighters should also be able to unionize.
The median home price in the United States rose to $221,900 in April, according to the most recent data available from the National Association of Realtors. This represents a 12% increase from $195,400 in January, and is the highest monthly median price since the beginning of the housing boom in 2005.
Parsing bureau’s monthly Census Bureau data, the public’s views about the reasons for rising gas prices are mixed at best. Pew Research surveys in 2011 found broad agreement that greed or speculation is the main reason prices have gone up recently, but the public does not agree on which of these words best describes the reason why gas prices have risen. About half of Americans (51%) say greed or speculation is the main reason prices have gone up. Another 39% say it is the result of economic forces.
Does China consider its international neighbors’ interests to be as important as its own? Yes: 59% of Chinese adults say China does not consider their neighbors’ interests at all important, compared with 37% who do say they do care. Asians living in Germany fall into the minority group (32%) that believes China does consider its neighbors’ interests a lot. Europeans also are more likely than Americans to think China does consider the interests of its neighbors a lot.
White Democrats and black and Hispanic Democrats were more likely than other partisans in both races to describe Sanders’s positions as liberal. Among white Democrats, 33% self-described liberal and 18% described Sanders’s views as moderate, while 88% of black and 75% of Hispanic Democrats described Sanders’s positions as moderate.
Pelosi’s job ratings have declined sharply in recent years. Currently, 49% of Americans have a positive view of her while 46% disapprove. Pelosis ratings peaked in 2007 (54% approve, 34% disapprove) and 2009 (53% approve, 33% disapprove). Pelosis stands out for being the first Hispanic woman to serve in Congress.
Pelosi’s approval ratings have been below 50% since before the passage of the Affordable Care Act in March 2010. Pelosis approval peaked in April 2009 (58%), but fell to 29% following the passage of the ACA. Pelosis approval has remained below 40% since Pew Research Center resumed polling on this issue in March 2019. Pelosis approval has been consistently below 50% since 2011, when Pelosis was re-elected as the Democratic leader of the House majority party. Pelosis approval has been consistently below 35% since Pelosis was re-elected as speaker in March 2017. Pelosis approval has been consistently below 40
Like likely voters, consistently conservative groups depictyour political views ideologically more closely than those of more solidly conservative Republicans and Republican leaners. For example, as many as 73% of consistent conservative voters are likely to back the Republican Party in November, reflecting a historically strong vote for the GOP in these midterms.
Consistent conservatives are also more ideologically strong in their support for Libertarian Party candidates than are likely voters on average. Consistent conservatives back Libertarian candidate Ralph Reed by 15 points (58% to 43%).
Somalia’s population is currently split roughly down the middle between refugees and asylum seekers (40% of the country’s population is Somali origin), but the country’s long-term stability has been a key driver of this trend. The UN’s Refugee Agency (UNHCR) reported that in 2015, Somalia had a total of 490,000 refugees and asylum seekers, most of whom are from the country’s civil war-torn Somalia region.
According to a Pew Research Center survey of Hispanics, about half of U.S. adults (53%) say there will be a great or good president, while 21% think he also will be an “average” president and 18% think he also will be a poor or terrible president. The survey was conducted before Donald Trump’s election victory, and Hispanic adults are significantly more likely than the general public to view Trump favorably.
The Pew Research Center’s Internet & American Life Project conducted a study in May of all adults about their cell phone use. The Pew Research analysis shows that cell phone ownership has increased dramatically since Pew Research began tracking this data in 2000.
The new survey also finds that a majority of Americans (57%) say it would be necessary for the president to send a formal economic relief plan to Congress to pass another federal bill this year. A smaller share (41%) believes a relief bill would not be necessary. Middle-income Americans (77% necessary) are much more likely than lower-income Americans (81%) to say a relief bill must be passed. Upper-income Americans are more evenly divided in their views: 76% say a relief bill must be passed while 78% say it will not be necessary.
Strong majorities of both Democrats and Republicans say a relief bill must be passed (92% and 89%, respectively). Lower-income Democrats are less supportive of more federal aid (11% necessary, 83% not necessary). A similar majority of conservative Republicans support more federal aid (32% necessary, 66% not necessary). Upper-income Republicans are more supportive of more federal aid (81% necessary, 24% not necessary).
Public opinion surveys show broad concern about a variety of issues facing Mexico. Fully 80% say crime is a very big problem in their country; an identical share say cartel-related violence is a big problem. Seven-in-ten say illegal drugs are a big problem in Mexico; 77% say economic problems are a big problem. Roughly six-in-ten say corruption is a big problem (65%) and say terrorism is a big problem (62%). Five-in-ten say emigration for jobs is a big problem (50%). And around six-in-ten say water pollution is a big problem (56%), as are concerns about global warming (53%).
As the November campaign enters its final week, Republicans hold a narrow 45-44 edge in a Pew Research Center survey conducted July 16-25 of 1,014 voters nationwide. As recently as mid-May, Obama had led Romney by 55% to 48%.
While Republicans currently hold a narrow 45%-44% margin in the battleground states of Colorado, Florida, New Hampshire, Ohio, Pennsylvania, Ohio, North Carolina, Oregon, Wisconsin and Washington state, Republicans hold a 51%-44% advantage over the Democrats in these states.
As the German church has declined in size and influence, the share of Protestants in Germany has fallen at a faster rate than the share of Catholics. According to Pew Research Center’s Religious Indicators survey conducted in Germany by the Pew Research Center’s Religious Institutions & Life Observatory, there are currently 37 million Protestants in Germany, or roughly 30% of the country’s total population. Of these, roughly 30% (12 million) are religiously unaffiliated, while roughly 43% are Catholic.
For example, four-in-ten Americans say the use of anonymous sources in news stories is “always acceptable,” while about as many (39%) say it is “only acceptable sometimes.” Around three-in-ten (32%) say the use of anonymous sources is “never acceptable,” according to the survey by Pew Research Center.
Here are some facts about Puerto Rico’s population decline. First, the island’s population has shrunk from 3.2 million in 2000 to 3 million in 2015, a reduction of 2.2%. Second, the island’s population growth rate has fallen from 10.2% in 2000 to 8.1% in 2015, a decrease of 2.1 percentage points. Third, the island’s population loss has been concentrated in the island’s northern counties, particularly in the densely populated northern towns of Arecibo, Mayaguez and San Juan.
In addition to asking respondents whether they would like to contribute to the project, the Pew Research Center Internet & American Life Project also asked respondents whether they would like to have a pay wall attached to their favorite sites. Roughly eight-in-ten adults ages 18 and older (82%) said they would like to have a pay wall attached to their favorite sites if they were able to make a small contribution.
This chart shows ownership of a tablet computer and smartphone and the frequency of news consumption. As of 2012, 22% of American adults owned a tablet computer, while 64% of tablet owners get news on their tablet. Roughly half of Americans (50%) own a tablet computer or smartphone, and 62% of smartphone owners get news on their device.
Immigrants from Mexico account for 26% of all U.S. immigrants, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. government data. Mexicans are the largest origin country of all, accounting for about one-quarter of all international migrants born abroad or living abroad in the U.S. (See Table 1 for a breakdown of origin country composition).
Immigrants from China account for 5% of all U.S. immigrants, the fifth-largest origin country. India, the Philippines, and China have all sent more than 1 million immigrants to the U.S. in the past decade.
The gender pay gap is narrower among young adults than among workers overall. Hourly earnings for women ages 18 to 24:68 cents to the hour vs. 50 cents to the hour, Current Population Survey data, 2018. The pay gap is wider among women than among men, as well as among workers overall. Hourly earnings for women lag behind those for men by 95 cents per hour, or 18 cents per hour, in 2018.
Millions of Americans cast their ballots in the 2020 primaries via absentee/mail voting, and that trend is expected to continue through the general election. The number of absentee/mail votes in the 2020 primaries is projected to be more than 50 million, more than double the number from the 2016 primaries.
The 2020 primaries also saw a dramatic increase in the total number of votes cast. The number of votes cast in the 2020 primaries was 50.3 billion, or 50.3% of the total number of votes cast in the 2016 general election. This means that the 2020 primaries cast more votes than the 2016 general election.
The U.S. unemployment rate ticked up slightly from 4.9% in January to 5% in February, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. The rate has remained unchanged since February. The unemployment-to-employment ratio ticked up from 6.4% in January to 6.6% in February. The ratio of job openings to unemployed workers has fallen from 8.8% in January to 7.8% in February.
Women are more likely than men to use social media. This is not surprising given the fact that women are more likely than men to use the internet overall. However, women’s participation in social media is somewhat less than that of men. According to the Pew Research Center’s Internet and American Life Project, 72% of internet users are women, compared with 62% of internet users.
Internet access is a key component of American life. Internet owners are now more than twice as likely as non-internet owners to subscribe to a paid internet service (33% vs. 14%). Among adults who do not use the internet, the most common reason given is lack of access to a computer.
Muslims are also very concerned about the future of their Muslim population in their country. In general, majorities of Muslims in the surveyed nations say they are very or somewhat concerned about the prospects for Muslims in their country. Relatively few are concerned. Germans (31%), for instance, are the least concerned about the Muslim minority population in their country. French (34%) and British Muslims are about as concerned.
In 2014, the estimated number of unauthorized immigrants in Italy was 500,000. By 2017, the estimate had risen to 700,000, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of European Union data. The increase is largely driven by people from Latin America, sub-Saharan Africa and the Middle East. Immigrants from Latin America made up about 40% of the estimated increase in the number of unauthorized immigrants in Italy between 2014 and 2017.
Of the top 10% of tweeters, 92% are Democrats and 69% are Republicans. The most prominent example of this is the top 10% of tweeters, which creates around two-thirds of all the tweets from U.S. adults with public Twitter accounts. Again, Democrats produce a much larger share of these tweets than Republicans.
The Association of Opinion Journalists (AOJ) is a professional organization of more than 1,000 “professional” journalists and public relations professionals who work in the news media. Its members represent more than 100 organizations and institutions, including major newspapers, television stations, and online and print publications.
Membership in the AOJ has increased steadily since 2006, when only 549 journalists and public relations professionals were members. In 2013, the association had 245 members, 245 of whom were members of organizations.
Females gave Obama 66% of the vote, compared with 32% for Romney. Among Hispanics, 76% favored Obama, while just 27% voted for Romney.
Two-thirds (62%) disagree with either force majeure or the use of force for settling international disputes. Three years ago, 55% disagreed with the use of force to settle international disputes and 61% said they believed the best way to ensure peace is through military strength.
The largest contingent of immigrants (almost 7 million) came from Central America; there, roughly three-quarters of immigrants are of Mexican origin. Roughly three-in-ten Americans of Hispanic origin (33%) report seeing most of the immigrants in the U.S. illegally (860,000)2, and an additional 1.5 million report seeing mostly legal immigrants (380,000).2 Roughly one-in-three adults (33%) do not know that most of the immigrants living in the U.S. are illegal.
More than half of Democrats (55%) are more concerned than before the midterm elections about whether Democrats in Congress will do enough to oppose Trump. In contrast, 72% of Democrats and Democratic leaners are more worried than they were before the election than their party will not do enough to oppose Trump.
Despite the fact that Muslims in Israel outnumber Christians, Christians play an important role in Jewish life. Fully seven-in-ten Jews who live in Israel who trace their heritage or family to Israel say being Jewish is “very important” to them, including 54% who say it is “extremely important.”
Israeli Arabs overwhelmingly say being Muslim or Christian is very important to them. Fully 72% of Arabs who trace their heritage or family to Muslim countries said it is “very important” to them, compared with 71% who said the same about being Christian in Israel.
Israeli Druze people also say being a Druze is very important. While Christians and Muslims do not have much in common when it comes to being a Druze, Israeli Druze people overwhelmingly say this is “very important” to them. By contrast, only 42% of Christians in Israel who trace their heritage or family to Christianity say being a Druze is “very important” to them.
Seven decades after the Holocaust, the Jewish population in Europe is about half the size it was in 1949, according to new estimates by Pew Research Center and Global Religious Landscape. In Europe, the Jewish population is now about 9.5 million, down from more than 16 million in 1949. This decline is largely the result of a combination of demographic factors, including the fact that Jews are dying younger and fewer people are immigrating to Europe from Israel.
Americans’ confidence in scientists working on GM food issues is generally higher, but there is still some skepticism. About nine-in-ten adults (9%) say they understand and very well understand a recent Pew Research Center survey on GM food issues. Fully 35% say they understand a few aspects of the survey results.
Americans have generally low levels of trust in scientists working on GM food issues. About six-in-ten adults (29%) say scientists do not trust them to provide full and accurate information about the health effects of GM foods. Somewhat more in the survey say scientists provide full and accurate information (43%), while 42% say they do not trust them.
Classified ads are a relatively small part of the online classified advertising market, but they are an important part of the overall market. They are used by 1.5 million people each month, and they are used by 11% of all internet users, according to the study. Classified ads are used by 2% of all Americans, and they are used by 12% of white internet users, 15% of Hispanic internet users, and 17% of black internet users.
What’s happened to Americans’ views of China? Pew Research Center has been polling global attitudes on the U.S. and China since 2014. As was the case in 2014, the American public’s overall views of China remain overwhelmingly negative. However, U.S. favorability toward China has declined since 2014, and now stands at only 49%.
Public opinion in the United States is overwhelmingly negative toward North Korea. Roughly six-in-ten Americans (61%) believe that North Korea is a danger to the United States. Americans also see North Korea as a danger to their own country – 59% most strongly disagree with the idea of going to war against North Korea, while 39% support the idea.
Similarly, in Canada 49% believe that North Korea is a danger to Canada, while 33% support the idea of going to war. Germans overwhelmingly oppose any U.S. military action against North Korea; 58% do so.
Muslims make up the largest group of refugees entering the U.S. In fiscal 2016, the U.S. accepted more than 10,000 Muslim refugees, making it the largest Muslim refugee resettlement program in the country. Until fiscal 2016, refugees from Muslim countries had accounted for less than 1% of the total number of refugees entering the U.S. In fiscal 2015, the U.S. accepted more than 9,000 refugees from Muslim countries, making it the second-largest Muslim refugee resettlement program in the country.
To some extent, this change would be counterintuitive: When people learn that the first Congress passed the Constitution, the state with the largest population (New York, for example) received 10 times as many senators as states with smaller populations. Similarly, the state with the smallest population has about 20 times as many senators as states with larger populations.
Nonetheless, people generally support keeping the Constitution’s current Senate apportionment. When all states are given equal representation, they tend to favor retaining the Constitution as it is.
There are similar differences among Republicans by orientation and party. Favorable recordings by Treasury inspectors are most often recorded by conservative and fiscal conservative Republicans. Republicans who describe their views as more moderate or liberal are less likely to view Treasury reports favorably.
The Latino population has been growing rapidly in North Dakota since 2007, and the state has become a top 100 U.S. Hispanic-origin population and jobs-producing state in recent years.
The state’s Latino population grew 47% from 2007 to 2014, according to a recent analysis of U.S. Census Bureau population estimates. The state’s Latino population is now larger than that of North Carolina and up 15% since 2007.
The state’s Latino population has grown at the fastest rate in the nation since the Great Recession. The state’s Latino population grew at a rate of 11.7% per year from 2007 to 2014, the fastest growth rate of any state with a population of more than 1 million.
Overall, around two-thirds of Democratic voters (64%) express positive sentiment about the current field of Democratic presidential candidates.
But Democratic voters with a first choice vote for a candidate other than Joe Biden or former San Diego Mayor Bernie Sanders have a more negative impression of the candidates in their primary. Half say they have an excellently/good impression of the candidates running for the Democratic nomination, while 85% say they have a fair or poor impression.
Internet access and smartphone ownership have increased dramatically in India over the past decade. A new Pew Research Center survey of 28 nations finds that in India, 61% of adults now own a smartphone, up from just 14% in 2014. Roughly seven-in-ten adults (78%) now use the internet at least occasionally, up from 20% in 2014.
Despite continuing concern about the job situation, the public continues to have a mixed view of economic news. About as many say the economy is doing mostly well (32%) as is doing mostly badly (31%). About six-in-ten (58%) say the economy is doing a mix of good and bad.
EWRI conducted the survey of Americans as part of the Center’s 2017 Social Media News Use Project. Specifically, the survey examined four key questions about social media news access:
* About one-in-four adults (26%) say they get news from two or more social media sites. This is a 17 percentage point increase from the 2013 survey, when 15% said they get news from more than one site.
While 2017 survey respondents are somewhat more likely than 2013 respondents to get news from more than one site, the gap is not as large as it was in 2013. Among those who say they get news from two or more sites, 24% of 2017 respondents said they get news from more than one site, compared with 21% of 2013 respondents who said the same.
History suggests that the legalization of marijuana is likely to be a difficult issue for many Americans. The legalization of cannabis in Colorado, for example, was met with widespread opposition – and a recent survey found that Americans are skeptical about the issue’s prospects. The Center, in fact, found that Americans overwhelmingly oppose marijuana legalization: 67% say it should not be made legal, while just 32% say it should be made legal.
However, Millennials stand out for their views on this issue: 76% oppose legalization, with only about two-in-ten (22%) saying they favor it. Baby Boomers fall in line with the older generations, and 63% of Boomers oppose it. Gen Xers are also split 65%-32%, though Millennials are more likely than either of these groups to oppose legalization. Gen Xers are also somewhat more supportive of legalization than Millennials (61% vs. 51%).
About a quarter of the public say they followed news about a major health care law more closely than any other story. This comes as news about swine flu and the economy have received considerably more media coverage.
Currently, 24% say they have followed news about the swine flu very closely; 12% say they have followed the health care bill very closely, according to a new Pew Research survey. The $1.1 trillion health care bill, which includes a major overhaul of the health care system, passed in the House last week. The Senate is expected to pass the bill on Friday.
A third of Americans (33%) say they have followed news about the health care law very closely. Two years ago, when a health care bill was being debated in Congress, Americans tracked news about swine flu very closely.
Interest in news about the economy is similar to interest in news about swine flu. Currently, 33% say they have followed news about the economy very closely, while 16% say it has been the story most closely followed. This is about the same as the 30% that said this about the economy in August 2008. Interest in news about the economy has remained stable since then
This survey by Pew Research shows that Americans’ views about gay marriage have evolved since Pew Research first conducted the survey in 2001. In that year’s survey, 53% of Americans favored allowing gays and lesbians to marry.
Boehrer and Reid also have mixed ratings. Only about a quarter of Americans have a favorable view of the Republican leader.
By 2010, more than 600,000 Americans of Nicaraguan origin lived in the United States. About 222 Nicaraguans were U.S. born, while roughly 381 thousands were foreign born.
Public opinion about crime and drugs is not a strong issue for either party. About seven-in-ten (74%) say crime and drugs are two of the top issues for the party where they stand in the national polls. Fewer, by 70%, say crime and drugs are two of the top issues for their party. While most Americans say crime and drugs are top issues for their party, none say they are the only issue (23% say only the none.)
The same year, the UK held its own EU referendum, in which the public chose to remain in the EU by a margin of 55% to 45%. The 2016 general election in the UK was the first EU referendum in more than 50 years. The 2016 Pew Research Center survey asked people whether they wanted the UK to remain in the EU or to leave. Those 18 and older were asked whether they wanted to remain in the EU or to leave the EU. Those 18 and older who had not voted were asked whether they wanted to vote in the 2016 general election.
As the UK’s general election approaches, 55% of Britons want to remain in the EU, compared with 36% who want to leave. The UK has historically been a member of the European Union, joining in 1973.
The Center’s 2014 report on the New Food Fights found that among the groups surveyed, scientists (68%) and small farm owners (60%) were the least supportive of making policy decisions about GM foods. The general public (57%) and food industry leaders (42%) were more supportive. And roughly half of voters (48%) said elected officials were more supportive than were voters of policy issues related to GM foods.
Looking at the distribution of wealth in the U.S., the rich are still the richest. The wealth held by households in the top income decile is still more concentrated than that held by the bottom four decile. In 2010, the wealth held by households in the top decile accounted for 15% of all wealth held by households in the U.S., compared with just 2% of the bottom four decile.
American publics are less concerned about government surveillance of foreign citizens. The public is divided over whether U.S. governments should monitor certain other groups’ communications. About half (54%) of U.S. adults say they are “acceptable” for the government to monitor the communications of citizens in other countries, while 44% say this is “unacceptable” – about evenly divided. Americans have somewhat more concern about the government monitoring the communications of American leaders than they do about monitoring foreign leaders (60% acceptable, 38% unacceptable). And fewer Americans have an opinion on monitoring terrorism suspects than have an opinion on monitoring other citizens in other countries’ countries (82% accepting, 15% accepting).
Older Americans are equally likely to rely on television as a main source of news. Live-news programs continue to be popular, but TV news websites and social media sites also play a major role in news consumption among older Americans.
One reason for the increase in college-educated mothers with their children could be that more young adults are attending college. The share of mothers with their own children younger than age 15 who are living at home increased from 10% in 1970 to 65% in 2011. Among mothers with their own children younger than 19, 86% had graduated from high school or more.
Likewise, the favorable view of the U.S. has increased ten-fold since the peak of the Obama administration. Currently, around four in ten Germans hold a favorable view of the U.S. Only about a quarter (24%) hold an unfavorable view of Germany’s neighbor to the north. Confidence in the U.S. president also has risen sharply since 2012. Currently, roughly a quarter (23%) believe U.S. President Donald Trump. makes good decisions. This is a notable improvement from the 14% who said this in 2015.
Before they leave their parents’ homes, young adult renters are more likely to be home owners than renters. While 22% of Millennial renters living at a a follow-up address one year were homeowners, the same share of Millennial home buyers living with their parents – Late Boomers and Early Boomers – reported owning owner-occupied housing. Among Gen X renters living at a a follow-up address one year, the share was just 14%.
From what the NRC has found, the public sees things clearly in science terms. About eight-in-ten Americans (86%) say global warming is happening, and a similar share (57%) cites human activity as the single cause. Yet opinions among the public vary widely on whether the issue is a result of human activity or not.
Democrats are more likely than Republicans to see human activity as the main cause of global warming. Fully 81% of Democrats in the pewTRQQ survey see human activity as the driving force, compared with 23% of Republicans. There is no significant partisan gap among independents.
Opposition to the Islam’s growing threat also is widespread among the general population.
Majorities in all five EU countries surveyed this year say they are very concerned about the rise of Islamic extremism in the region.
However, surveys conducted by the Pew Research Center show that among Muslims living in Europe, Muslims in Great Britain are the most worried. Fully 43% of the British public says they are very concerned about the rise of Islamic extremism in the Middle East, compared with 30% among the French and 26% among Germans.
Americans blame globalization for the widening economic gap between the rich and the poor. Roughly six-in-ten Americans (67%) blame globalization for this, compared with majorities in France, the United Kingdom, Brazil, Mexico, India and South Africa.
On the European side, the government harassment or use of force against religious groups increased by 83 percentage points from 2014 to 2015. Europe had already seen a large increase in government harassment or use of force against religious groups since 2014, when 53% of countries in the region experienced government harassment or use of force against religious groups.
Arabia and the Middle East also saw an increase in government harassment or use of force against religious groups between 2014 and 2015. The share of countries in the Middle East and North Africa that experienced government harassment or use of force against religious groups increased from 55% in 2014 to 89% in 2015.
While Americans increasingly support genetically modified (GM) food, the public generally rejects the use of GM ingredients in food. According to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in April and May of this year, 49% say the health risks of GM foods are “worse for one’s health than foods that do not contain GM ingredients.” And just 5% think the health risks of GM foods are better than non-GM foods. These sentiments are largely unchanged from last year, though the number saying that genetically modified foods are worse for one’s health has ticked up six points.
There is a positive relationship between per capita GDP and acceptance of homosexuality in society. This pattern is strongest in North America and Western Europe, but it is also common in Eastern Europe, Latin America and sub-Saharan Africa. Wealthier countries tend to be more accepting of homosexuality. This is most pronounced in North America and Western Europe, but it is also common in Eastern Europe, Latin America and sub-Saharan Africa.
The Supreme Court’s ruling on the constitutionality of stop-and-arrest practices in traffic stops is a watershed moment for police conduct. But it is also a result of a growing disconnect between the public’s views about the stop-and-arrest power and the way police officers themselves understand their job. A few years ago, fewer than half of blacks said they were sure they couldn’t be stopped for being black. Today, a majority (70%) say they are not sure they couldn’t be stopped just because they were black, while just three-in-ten (31%) say they would be sure.
Older blacks are more likely than younger blacks to say they couldn’t be stopped just because they look suspicious just 10 years ago, according to a 2014 Pew Research Center survey. Roughly three-quarters of blacks under the age of 40 said they couldn’t be stopped just because they looked suspicious, while just 46% of those ages 40 to 59 said the same. (Younger blacks are more likely than older blacks to say they couldn’t be stopped just because they were black.)
Web politics: There is a strong relationship between web politics and political content on Twitter. Web political users are more likely than Facebook users to say that a significant portion of the content they see is related to government and politics. Roughly four-in-ten politically interested web users say this, compared with 15% of Facebook users.
As the Tea Party movement faded, Republicans held fast to its core political values and positions. This included opposition to same-sex marriage and opposition to abortion. But the Tea Party’s political influence diminished over the course of 2013, as the movement faded and the broader Republican agenda took hold.
Fully 49% of Americans report that their top concern today is same-sex marriage. That is largely unchanged from 2012, when Republicans were still very divided over the issue. But still, conservative Republicans (>85% self-identified as teacobs or sculptured liberals) overwhelmingly (58%) voice concern about same-sex marriage, while 31% say the same about liberal Democrats (>20%).
Similarly, 44% of Americans say the greatest concern is abortion. While conservative Republicans (87% identify themselves as teacobs or sculptured liberals) overwhelmingly voice concern (56%), liberal Democrats (<20%) also voice concern on this issue (32% say so).
Party affiliation is defined as the individual’s self-identified political party affiliation. Republicans and Republican leaners are defined as those who identify or lean toward the Republican Party; Democrats and Democratic leaners are defined as those who identify or lean toward the Democratic Party.
Since 1992, Pew Research Center surveys on politics have included a measure of party identification among white non-Hispanic adults. The Pew Research analysis of Pew Research Center data dating back to 1992 shows that the share identifying with or leaning toward the Republican Party has increased significantly since 2000, while the share identifying with or leaning toward the Democratic Party has declined.
Racial and ethnic and educational differences are also evident in patterns of fertility treatments. About half (56%) of adults ages 17 and older who are postgraduates and 43% of those with some college education say they or someone they know has used fertility treatments to try to have a baby. These levels are substantially higher than those among those with less education. For example, 20% of adults with a high school education or less say their or someone else has used fertility treatments, while 20% of those with some college experience say this.
Educational differences also exist when it comes to fertility treatments. For example, 19% of adults with a less-than-high school education say their or someone else has used fertility treatments to try to have a baby, while 20% of those with some college experience say this.
While majorities in developed countries back free-market systems of capitalism, there is considerably less support in developing countries. Opposition to free markets is the position of 27% of the Japanese.
Over the past two decades, the public has consistently expressed disfavor for smaller governments and more favor of larger governments. But in 2019, 47% say they’d rather have a smaller government “with fewer services” and only 44% say they’d rather have a bigger government “with more services.” These overall preferences vary by partisan identification.
Biden supporters are more likely than voters who favor him to support Biden in general and vote on Election Day in Northampton, Massachusetts, which is hosting a campaign event with Sen. Elizabeth Warren, for example. Two-thirds (66%) of Biden backers say they favor him to run for president, while just 31% of voters who support Sen. Warren during the event say the same.
Economic news topped the public’s news interest in the survey at all. While the economy has improved, the public continues to track him as more recently he was remembered on the 50th anniversary of his death in 1968. In fact, 26% followed the death of Mandela more closely than any other story. Not surprisingly, the health care roll-up ranked right behind that.
Assembly elections in the country’s upper and lower houses are scheduled for May 24. Polls already show signs of improvement for the CDU/CSU, the incumbent conservative party that has been struggling in recent years. Support for the CDU/CSU has increased sharply since 2013, when it lost its majority for the first time in more than 15 years. Currently, 55% of Germans say the country’s economy is in good shape, up from 50% in 2013. Perceptions of the state of the economy have been largely unchanged since 2013, but are up 17 percentage points since 2013.
Although teens are generally more likely to say they are unhappy in their relationship than their ex-partner, girls are more likely than boys to say they are unhappy in their relationship with their current partner. Among teens who have been in a relationship, 44% of girls say they are unhappy in a relationship with their current partner, compared with 31% of boys. Among teenagers who have been tagged photos with an ex-partner, 46% say they are unhappy in a relationship with their current partner, compared with 30% of boys.
Fully 90% of voters ages 18 and older identify with the Republican or Republican party, while just 5% identify with the Democratic or Democratic Party. Voter identification among the Silent Generation follows a similar pattern, with 88% identifying as Republican or Republican party and just 3% identifying as Democratic or party.
Overall, the public generally has positive views about Obama’s presidency. Currently, 72% say Obama will be remembered as an outstanding president, while only 18% say he will be remembered as above average.
The public is somewhat less positive about history: 16% say Obama will go down in history as outstanding, while 61% say he will be above average.
The number of Mexican immigrants in the U.S. dropped sharply from a peak of 10.8 million in 2007 to 6.2 million in 2012, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of Census Bureau data. The decline in Mexican immigration has been accompanied by a decline in the total U.S. Latino immigrant population, which fell from 15.4 million in 2000 to 13.4 million in 2012.
Mexican immigrants have been a major component of the U.S. population since the 1980s. In 1980, there were 10.8 million Mexican immigrants in the U.S., or 14% of the total foreign-born population. By 2000, the Mexican immigrant population had grown to 21 million (28%), and by 2005 to 32 million (41%), and by 2007 to 44 million (51%). By 2009, the Mexican immigrant population had reached 51 million (64%), and by 2011, it had reached
The Hispanic population is growing more rapidly than the non-Hispanic population, but the rate of growth is slowing. The Hispanic population grew 166 percent between 1990 and 2006, compared with 112 percent for the non-Hispanic population. The share of the Hispanic population is expected to rise to 48.5% of the total population by 2050, compared with 41.5% for the non-Hispanic population.
Looking back, opinions about the death penalty, which was close to 70% in favor of the penalty before the 2018 midterm elections, rose slightly. A 49% plurality said in 1996 that “at least some people should be allowed the chance to die for murder.”
A small majority of Americans say Trump (79%) of thoseibound to both parties what happened to his tax returns and that it is up to him to release them: 27% of the public thinks he should make them available for public viewing. But a larger share of Republicans (57%) and Democrats (80%) say Trump should release the tax returns.
Support for legalizing marijuana has increased across all generations. Americans of all ages age 16 and older are as likely to favor legalization as by generations: 56% of Millennial respondents (23%), Gen Xers (34%), Boomers (34%) and Silents (43%).
But the question on the question on the question on the question was less clear. When asked whether people convicted of felonies should be allowed to vote after serving their sentences, responses split about evenly. About half of Americans (53%) said they strongly or somewhat oppose the change while 41% said they favored it. Relatively few opposed it on either end of the spectrum.
A separate survey conducted April 23-27 by Pew Research Center, in conjunction with The Los Angeles Times, finds that Republicans have a more positive impression of the Supreme Court than Democrats or independents do. Currently, roughly half of Republicans (54%) hold favorable views of the Supreme Court, while 50% of Democrats and 53% of independents express unfavorable views.
This is largely stable since early 2014, but partisan views of the Supreme Court have changed since 2008, when Republicans held much more positive views of the court than Democrats or independents.
For all lesbos and gay men, there is no disagreement that they would like to get married someday. Among lesbian and gay adults, 58% say they “would like to get married someday,” while just 25% are “not sure” and 15% are “not sure I got the question.”
This question was posed to partisans in urban, suburban and rural areas, and the analysis of survey data finds a fairly consistent pattern. In rural, suburban and urban areas, most say the vast majority of people in their communities have “different” or “similar” views than their own. At the same time, less than half or a third say people in their communities share their “different” or “similar” views.
In 2018, 65% of urban residents and 62% of suburban residents say people in their communities share their “different” or “similar” views. By comparison, just 48% of rural residents say the same. At the same time, roughly half or more of the public in rural, suburban, and urban areas say people in their communities share their “different” or “similar” views.
Women continue to rate their mothers more positively than do men on issues related to motherhood. encomparent-format surveys of adults 18 and older conducted by the Pew Research Center’s Social & Cultural Trends Research Center show that currently, 31% of women say their mother does most of the work around the house, compared with 27% who say this is mostly true of their father. In 1997, 54% of women said that their mother did most of the work at home, compared with 56% who said this was true of their father.
Support for the death penalty remains high despite a steep decline in the number of states that allow it. In 2011, 62% supported the death penalty for convicted murderers while 51% opposed it, according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted Nov. 9-14 among 132 Republicans and 123 Democrats.
Around one-in-five Hispanics (22%) say they have received help or support from a friend or family member after being harassed by a person they know. Half (51%) say they have received help or support from someone known to them.
Overall, Xers say they’re satisfied with their lives. But while 76% of Xers feel that they are doing well, at least financially, compared to a middling x (or just below middling) - and 97% in the highest x (above x). Xers ages 50-64 are somewhat more satisfied than their counterparts below the median age.
Since the Great Recession, Mexican-born people entering the United States have fallen sharply in absolute numbers, even though the U.S. population has grown. Mexican-born people entering the U.S. increased sharply between 1995 and 2000, but since 2000 net Mexican migration has declined sharply, falling from 1.9 million to 870,000 over the 20-year period.
News about the situation in Iraq was the first story for Americans, and also the top story for Americans who were following the story. News of the war made up 22% of the national newshole, and was the most closely followed story last week with 30% of Americans saying they followed it more closely than any other news story. The national newshole devoted 8% of its overall coverage to the war.
Americans are by and large negative toward China today. Roughly seven-in-ten Americans (67%) say they have an unfavorable view of China. Just 45% of Canadians say the same.
Americans’ negative views of China have risen sharply since 2017, when large shares of the public expressed favorable opinions in the center’s survey. Canadians’ favorable views of China peaked at 48%, in November 2017.
History has shown that when it comes to media, the younger the consumer, the more likely he or she is to be a digital first-time. According to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in August, 70% of young adults younger than 30 who subscribe to a cable or satellite television service say that is the primary way they watch television. Older adults, on the other hand, tend to rely on streaming services over traditional cable.
However, Republicans who see the Mueller Commission as very worthy are less likely than those who see it as somewhat worthy to express confidence in the Commission’s conduct going forward. While 38% of Republicans and Republican leaners who think the Commission’s merit is very high say its work will be “not too” or “not at all” worthy, this share plunges to 15% among those who view the Commission’s merit as somewhat worthy.
Republicans who say they are very confident in the Commission’s conduct also are less likely than those who are somewhat confident to expect its work to be worthy going forward. encompairted in a separate Pew Research Center survey, that share falls to just 10% among Republicans who see the Commission’s merit as very worthy, and 14% among those who see it as somewhat worthy.
Republicans who say they are not too or not at all confident in the Commission’s work also expect its work to be worthy going forward. About three-quarters of Republicans and Republican leaners who say they are very confident (72%) or somewhat confident (64%) in the Commission’s work say its work will be worthy going forward. Fewer than half (44
Some 81% of British Muslims identify themselves first as a national citizen rather than a Muslim; 42% of French Muslims do the same. Elsewhere, majorities or pluralities of Germans (69%), Spanish adults (69%), and Spaniards (69%) identify themselves first as a Muslim.
The economy also is less of a top priority for Americans. In 2010, 83% viewed the economy as a top priority for the president and Congress. Six years ago, that share was 73%.
The public gives jobs low marks these days: 62% give the president and Congress low priority for President Donald Trump, while just 6% say they are top priorities. The public gives jobs top priority for Republicans, 34% of whom and 37% of Democrats say they are a top priority. Fewer Republicans (48%) and Democrats (45%) say this.
Yet despite the growing popularity of Facebook, women are less likely than men to say it has become more important to them, and they also spend less time using it compared with their female counterparts last year. Fewer than nine percent of men and just seven percent of women say they’ve spent more time on Facebook, and there is a much wider gap between the two groups on the value of the site. Women are 7 percentage points less likely than men to say Facebook has become more important to them, and they are also less likely to say they spend more time on the site.
Many adults who grew up in rural areas say there were guns in their household when they were children and young adults, according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in March and April of this year.
About 72% of adults who were raised in rural areas say there were guns in their household when they were growing up. Rural Americans also tend to say that when they were children and young adults, there were often guns in their family’s home. For example, when surveyed in 2012, 77% of adults who grew up in rural areas said there were guns in their household when they were children and young adults.
Adults who live in rural areas also are more likely than those who live in other types of communities – such as small towns, suburbs and cities – to say there were guns in their household when they were children and young adults. About eight-in-ten adults who grew up in rural areas say there were guns in their household when they were children and young adults; similarly, 52% of adults who live in small towns say this.
Overall support for the war in Iraq has declined over the past year, but the war tops other news for the first time since spring 2005. Currently, 33% of Americans say they follow news about the war very closely, up from just 19% in June 2005.
Prior to the 2006 midterm elections, Americans tracked news about the war in Afghanistan very closely, but public interest in Afghanistan news has fallen sharply since then. Currently, 27% say they are paying very close attention to news from Afghanistan, down from 44% at the end of June 2006.
Large majorities across racial and ethnic groups broadly express support for allowing refugees to settle in the U.S. Two-thirds of whites say the U.S. “has a responsibility to accept refugees into the country.” The shares favoring this position overwhelmingly vary by age, education and educational attainment. Majorities of Americans ages 18 to 49 (49%) and those under 50 years of age (56%) say the U.S. should allow refugees to settle in the country. But those ages 50 to 64 (44%), ages 18 to 29 (43%) and ages 50 to 64 with a postgrad education (47%) are less likely to agree.
A majority of college graduates (55% say the U.S. has a responsibility to accept refugees into the country, while only 31% disapprove). Adults with a four-year college degree are more divided (44% favor acceptance, 35% disapprove). Among adults with less than a college degree, 49% favor accepting refugees, while 40% disapprove of refugees settling in the U.S.
Among Doña María and Juan Carlos, the two major Hispanic immigrant groups in the U.S., about half (52%) of Hispanic immigrants identified as Hispanic with some race other than Hispanic in the 2010 census. Among those Hispanics, Mexican immigrants were the most common category, with 44.3% of all Hispanic immigrants responding.
Among Hispanic immigrants, Doña María and Juan Carlos, the two major hispanic immigrant groups in the U.S. from Mexico, 44.3% identified as Mexican in the 2010 census, while 27.7% identified as Hispanic of Latino origin.*
An Pew Research Center survey conducted Feb. 18-22 reveals that Americans overwhelmingly favor a policy that says the U.S. will never pay ransom money for the release of hostages held by terrorist groups.
Overall, 70% approve of the policy and 25% disapprove, with 9% saying one doesn’t apply in all cases.
An even larger share of Americans disapprove of the government’s handling of the Arab Spring protests in Iran than of the government’s handling of the protests in Egypt. In the Persian-speaking region, the public overwhelmingly opposes the government’s handling of the protests in Iran (86%), but it disapproves the government’s handling of the protests in Egypt (67%).
In the U.S., Hinduism is the nation’s largest religious group, accounting for 51% of the U.S. population. Muslims, meanwhile, make up 10% of the population, while unaffiliated people (10%) include those who do not identify with any religion or who do not express religiosity.
The survey by the Pew Research Center for the Self-Interest, conducted July 9-14 among 1,007 adults, finds that while Obama enjoys positive ratings for his handling of the economy (51% acclaims what he has done), his ratings are low for his handling of foreign affairs (55%).
Obama’s job rating on the economy is roughly in line with what he received during the first half of 2014. In January through April 2014, 60% disapproved and 56% disagreed with the economy. By contrast, today around six-in-ten Americans disapprove (65%) of the way the economy is going and only 60% approve. This change is largely driven by opinions about the economy, not foreign affairs. Currently, just 36% approve of the way the foreign policy is going and 55% disapprove.
A nationwide survey by the Center for Opinion Research conducted between June 4 and July 22, 2019 found that 76% of Spaniards believe that elected officials care about what people like me think and that voting gives people like me more control about how the government runs things in Spain.
Still, the EU is not perfect. Europe remains divided along ideological lines, and its economic integration has not always been popular. Europeans have long voiced concerns about the possibility of economic stagnation in the region. Our 2015 spring survey found that just 12% of Europeans saw the economy in favorable terms, while 41% said it was bad. As recently as 2013, majorities in all six EU member states (with the possible exception of France) voiced confidence that EU economic integration had strengthened the region’s economy.
In 2004, a wide age gap favored John McCain over Donald Trump by 39 percentage points; in 2008, the gap was 28 points for Barack Obama over Mitt Romney. Today, the gap is 22 points between Obama and Romney among 18- to 29-year-olds.
In 2008, Obama received the vote of 66% of 18- to 29-year-olds compared with 49% of Romney. In 2004, Hillary Clinton received a higher vote share from older voters, but McCain won the vote of 55% of voters 50 and older.
Democrats (59%) are more likely than Republicans (52%) with a high science knowledge to report that the scientific method generally produces accurate conclusions. A somewhat smaller majority of Republicans (46%) with low science knowledge (51% with high science knowledge) say the same.
52% say this Congress is less productive so far than earlier Legislatures; larger shares say it is same as and similar to others.
The latest annual survey, conducted Dec. 29-4 through hcmiles and text interviews, found that Democrats are more positive about the performance of the current Congress than Republicans, but Republicans overwhelmingly say Congress is not doing their job well. Asked whether the Congress is less productive or less productive than other Congresses, 56% of Democrats say it is less productive, while just 33% say it is more productive.
Global discomforts and opportunities are at play in people’s views of China’s role on the world stage. People around the world voice ambivalence and concern about China’s global influence. Global EEU.org.cn (formerly known as The Chinese Economic Foundation) is a major economic think tank based in Beijing, China, which has been funded by Chinese businesses and government agencies since 1999. EEU is a major economic think tank that has been funded by Chinese businesses and government agencies since 1999. EEU is a major economic think tank that has been funded by Chinese businesses and government agencies since 1999. EEU is a major economic think tank that has been funded by Chinese businesses and government agencies since 1999. EEU is a major economic think tank that has been funded by Chinese businesses and government agencies since 1999. EEU is a major economic think tank that has been funded by Chinese businesses and government agencies since 1999. EEU is a major economic think tank that has been funded by Chinese businesses and government agencies since 1999. EEU is a major economic think tank that has been funded by Chinese businesses and government agencies since 1999. EEU
Trump’s confirmed judges have faced more “no” votes than those of other presidents. Trump’s Senate-confirmed Supreme Court justices have faced more than double the average number of “no” votes than justices confirmed during the administrations of other presidents.
Trump’s Senate-confirmed justices have faced 22.6 “no” votes, compared with 6.2 facing multiple judicial appointments, as of March 6, according to a new analysis by the Pew Research Center using Federal Judicial Center data. The “no” votes cast by Trump’s Senate-confirmed justices are the most of any president since Franklin D. Roosevelt’s administration, which had 24.5 “no” votes.
Trump’s Senate-confirmed justices have faced more judicial confirmation “committee votes” than any other president, including Barack Obama (14), Bill Clinton (13) and George W. Bush (10). Trump’s Senate-confirmed justices have also faced more judicial confirmation “plurality votes” than any other president, including Barack Obama (14), Bill Clinton (13) and George W. Bush (10).
Pew Research Center’s 2016 Global Attitudes survey found that around six-in-ten Americans (55%) express a favorable opinion about the United Nations, while 64% of Canadians say in same way. Seven-in-ten Swedish nationals express this opinion, as do about two-thirds in the Netherlands (67%), Italy (72%), and Britons (69%).
Views of the international body organization run by the United Nations are also positive in Australia (66%), China (54%), and Japan (49%), while unfavorable opinions are expressed in Kenya (63%), Nigeria (52%), and South Africa (52%).
Republican Kevin Griest is the only member of the 114th Congress who identifies as a Buddhist. He represents Alaska’s at-large district, which includes parts of both Alaska and Canada. Griest is the first member of a Buddhist minority group in Congress.
While surveys asking about homosexuality tend to be more positive than negative, Americans give homosexuality a mixed grade. Roughly six-in-ten (63%) say homosexuality should be treated fairly by society, while even more (66%) give the community this rating with greater difficulty. However, 31% of the public says “majority views about homosexuality should be changed.”
Americans are more divided over discrimination. In a July survey, 36% expressed “strong concern” about racial discrimination, while another 28% expressed “moderate concern.” A February survey found even more Americans are concerned about discrimination. In both surveys, most black who can’t get ahead because of their skin tone share “strong concern” with black Americans. About seven-in-ten (72%) say discrimination is a problem.
Americans are skeptical about the role of scripture in interpreting and applying the Constitution. Half (53%) say the Bible should have more influence on U.S. laws than the will of the people; 36% say the will of the people should have more influence on U.S. laws. Just 13% of Americans disagree that the Bible should have less influence than the will of the people.
Americans by contrast are overwhelmingly negative about the war. A January 2003 Pew Research Center survey finds a majority of Americans (51%) saying the war in Iraq will make the world a safer place. But majorities in France, Spain, Germany, Great Britain, Russia and Japan oppose the goal.
But the survey also finds that a majority (58%) of Americans consider it to be “very important” to build a stronger relationship with China. Similarly, five-in-ten Americans believe it is “somewhat important” to strengthen relations with China on trade and economic issues (32%), and a majority (53%) of Americans consider it “important” to do more to get tougher with China on trade and economic issues.
Educational attainment: The share of immigrants ages 25 and older with a bachelor’s degree or higher has increased dramatically since the 1980s. In 1980, 2.6% of immigrants had a bachelor’s degree or higher; in 2016, 17.2% of immigrants ages 25 and older had a bachelor’s degree or higher. Immigrants with postgraduate degrees have also increased dramatically since the 1980s. In 2016, 10.3% of immigrants ages 25 and older had a postgraduate degree.
Many people in rich nations remain uneasy about the current economic situation. In the U.S., for example, 54% say the economy is in bad shape, while just 18% say it is in good shape.
Despite the fact that Latinos are becoming increasingly naturalized citizens, some legal permanent residents nevertheless have not yet naturalized. Roughly a quarter of the nation’s 11.1 million legal permanent residents were born in a foreign country other than their parents’ country. Among these foreign-born legal permanent residents, 26% say that “language and other personal barriers” have prevented them from naturalizing.
As the 2012 presidential election draws near, the percentage of Millennials casting their first votes is lower than that of older generations. Roughly one-in-four Millennials (25%) voted in the 2012 election, compared with 46% of Gen Xers, 39% of Boomers and 73% of Silents.
Educational differences in attitudes toward race and politics persist even when controlling for partisanship and ideological differences. Americans with a college degree or more have consistently expressed more positive views about race relations than those with less education. Pew Research Center exit polls conducted in 2016 found that whites with a college degree or more had a median preference for Barack Obama over Trump of 24, by a point – 24% preferred the former Obama supporter, while 21% preferred Trump. College-educated blacks were more supportive of Obama than Trump among all voters.
Differences in educational differences in attitudes toward politics were less pronounced among those with a high school education or less. Pew Research Center exit polls in 2016 showed whites with a high school education or less had a median preference for Trump among Obama.
Here’s a different glimpse into the lives of teens around the country. Teens attending public schools are as likely as their parents to be in the workforce, and they’re more likely to be college-educated. Teens who attend private school, by contrast, are less likely to be in the workforce and less likely to have a four-year college degree.
In 2018, France recorded 541 reported acts of anti-Semitic violence, up from 335 in 2017, according to the Source: Conciliation National, a French anti-racism group. The data are based on a report published by the French Ministry of Interior, which tracks the number of acts of violence against people and property in France.
The public showed strong preoccupation with the situation in Iraq. Nearly three-in-four (26%) paid very close attention to news about events in Iraq, while 9% said this was the subject they followed most closely.
In addition, 23% followed news about a woman who became the first registered stem cell donor in Ohio very closely. The public paid much less attention to this story.
The public paid for the first time to 2008 presidential campaign coverage. Roughly one-in-ten (11%) paid very close attention to the campaign, while 6% followed this story most closely. In previous campaigns, public attention to the campaign has tended to track public attention to the issues.
In terms of news coverage, 9% of the newshole was devoted to the campaign. The media devoted more attention to the Iraq war (9%) than to the campaign (6%).
Men are more likely than women to say waiting until she is well-established in her career is better for women seeking to reach high political office, though women are more likely than men to say they’re better off having children before entering politics, according to a Pew Research Center survey on the political attitudes of women. The survey also shows that women are somewhat less likely than men to attend college, to be white, to be under age 30, to identify as Democrats or to identify as Republicans.
In Israel, Conservative and Reform movements also are not as prominent as Haredi Judaism or Orthodox Judaism. In a 2014-2015 Pew Research Center survey, 41% of Israeli Jews identified with Conservative or Reform movements, but 50% with Orthodox. A little more than one-in-five (23%) Israeli Jews identified with a nonreligious Jewish tradition.
Israeli Jews who identify with Haredi Judaism are the most prevalent among Jewish groups in Israel. Asked to name one Jewish tradition they identify with, 65% of Haredi Jews said Conservative Judaism, while 28% identified with Orthodox Judaism. Fewer Israeli Jews have identified with Reform Judaism (65%) or with no particular Jewish tradition (11%).
In many developing countries, people are upbeat about the economy: nearly seven-in-ten (77%) expect growth over the next 12 months to improve and only around one-in-five (15%) expect it to worsen. Similar patterns are found in many Latin American countries, including Mexico, Brazil, Argentina, Venezuela and Colombia, as well as several Asian nations, including Japan and South Korea. Fewer publics in emerging and developing countries are confident of the economic outlook. Still, around two-in-ten people in these countries expect growth to improve (23%) or remain the same (52%).
Most Indians say the gap between rich and poor has not improved much over the past five years, as well as the country’s troubled relationship with its neighbors. But Indians express mixed views about other key issues.
A 45% majority of Indians say that overall working relations in the country have not improved over the past five years. Only 28% of Indians say working relations have become better.
The simpsons-like tweets and retweets that Donald Trump has been sending from the White House have raised the issue of how much of a “cautious” presidential style he might adopt in the House. A majority of Americans (58%) say there is no need for Trump to be “more cautious” when it comes to what he says and tweets about public issues. Republicans and Republican leaners are more likely than Democrats and Democratic leaners to say this (78% claudia, 8%).
Moreover, Republicans are more likely than Democrats to say there has been too little coverage of the candidates’ experience: Around a third of Republicans (36%) say there has been too little coverage, compared with 53% of Democrats. One party’s supporters are also more likely than the other to think there has been too much coverage of the candidates’ experiences; for example, this opportunity is slightly less common among Democrats than the public as a whole.
Opposition to McConnell and Schumer is relatively mild by congressional standard. Favorable opinions of McConnell and Schumer clustered among Republicans, but a sizable minority (37%) express negative sentiment. And while fewer than one-in-ten Republican voters have a positive view of the two senators, many on the opposite side are very supportive.
About four-in-ten Republican voters (43%) give Republican Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky a rating “very sad,” while 20% give him a rating “neutral.” And 18% of voters give Republican Leader Chuck Schumer a similar rating.
In India, there is a wide gap in public attitudes toward Muslims and Hindus. Hindus hold a positive view of Muslims by a wide margin (93% vs. 5%). However, Indians hold the minority opinion that Hindus are favorable toward Muslims (27% vs. 65%).
The U.S. Department of Energy (DOE) collects light-bulb data from the U.S. Census Bureau, and its 2015 data on light-bulb shipments in North America show that the share of residential light bulbs that are now made up of LED, CFL or halogen technology has increased dramatically since 2013.
The DOE’s data show that the residential light-bulb market is dominated by halogen lamps, which are still the most commonly used light bulbs in the U.S. (70% of all light bulbs in 2015), but the share of the market that is dominated by halogen lamps is down from 75% in 2013.
Similar patterns emerged in the public’s reaction to the Vatican scandal. Roughly one-in-three Americans (32%) say they followed news about the scandal very closely. The media gave relatively little attention to the scandal: 3% of news coverage was devoted to Vatican troubles, and 8% of the public says it was the story they followed most closely. The Vatican scandal was the top news story tracked more than any other by a plurality of Americans.
The public also closely tracked another story last week – the debate over health care reform. About four-in-ten (46%) say it was the story they followed most closely; 30% say it was the second most closely followed story.
The public closely tracked the stock market last week, forward looking in nature, while more narrowly focusing on the health care debate backward looking. Some 44% say this was the story they tracked most closely; forward looking stories make up 36% of the newshole tracked very closely by the media last week. The public also paid very close attention to the Vatican scandal: forward looking stories made up 40% of the newshole tracked; backward looking stories make up 30%.
Americans have become more divided by party in their evaluations of China. The share of Americans who say they have an unfavorable view of China increased from 39% to 47% between 2008 and 2011. And while Republicans remained more likely than Democrats to have an unfavorable view of China in 2008, the partisan gap narrowed significantly in the years that followed. Between 2011 and 2017, the share of Republicans had a more unfavorable view of China increased by seven percentage points (72% to 65%), while the share of Democrats grew more positive by five points (60% to 65%).
A new Pew Research Center survey finds the public following the election news very closely. About a quarter (26%) say they are following the election very closely, according to month-to-date monthly national surveys following November 2008. In the summer of 2008, in fact, more people (35%) were paying very close attention to election news.
The gap in religious attendance between men and women has narrowed slightly since 2010, when Pew Research Center first began collecting survey data on this measure. In 2012, 88% of women attended religious services at least once a week compared with 82% of men. In 2014, 87% of women and 84% of men attended religious services weekly.
Traditional morning TV newscasts have been struggling to maintain their ratings. Morning TV ratings have fallen 16% over the past year among nine Pew Research Center-tracked NPR stations. Morning TV ratings have also fallen 12% nationwide over the past year, according to a recent study by the Pew Research Center’s Project for Excellence in Journalism. Morning TV ratings have also fallen 10% nationwide among all Americans so far this year compared with the same time period last year.
The downward trend in morning TV ratings has been accompanied by a decline in the number of Americans who tune in for morning TV news. According to a recent NPR/MSNBC survey, 51% of Americans tune in to morning TV shows, down from 61% in 2012. Morning TV ratings have also fallen 15% among adults who watch most or almost all of their TV news on the internet, and 14% among adults who watch most or almost all of their TV news on cable.
News coverage of the economy and unemployment this week focused on the debate over whether to lift the federal oil drilling ban. The public is divided over whether to do this; roughly a quarter (26%) say the ban should be lifted while 40% say it should remain in place.
The economy received 8% of the newshole analyzed by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press. News of the economy accounted for 19% of coverage last week.
Unionization rates have fallen steeply since the 1980s, and they have remained at historically low levels. Between 1983 and 1999, the percentage of wage and salary workers who were union members increased only slightly from 20.1% to 20.5%. But since then, unionization rates have fallen to 11.7% in 2018, the lowest level since 1983.
The survey, conducted Sept. 1-Sept. 10 among 1,000 adults by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press upon completion of the executive office building in Washington, D.C., where the Center is based, finds that majorities of Americans think key leaders in government behave unentionally at least a little bit. For instance, majorities or pluralities or الثلثs or semites or خاشas think members of Congress behave unenthusially all or most of the time (88%), journalists (66%), leaders of technology companies (65%), religious leaders (59%), police officers (52%), public school principals (52%), military leaders (50%), local elected officials (50%), and center or head of a public library system (52%). The philanthorical question asked respondents to rate leaders in the government, the media, and the tech industry, and then to categorize them as “all or most of the time” or “only a little of the time” or “never or not the time.” Roughly six-in-ten or more across the groups said that leaders in the government behave unenthusially at least a little of the time. The media
Foreign-born adults born in China made up about 1.5 million of the 7.1 million U.S. adults counted by the 2014 American Community Survey. Since 2000, the Chinese immigrant population has grown rapidly, increasing from 1.1 million in 2000 to 2.5 million in 2014.
Stellenmachers get mixed reviews. Americans report relatively high levels of skepticism about Trump’s ability to govern. About half (50%) say that when they hear the words “in the event that there is a change of government,” they think it will mean that Trump isn’t really going to govern, while 43% say he will be really running the government.
Trump himself gets lower reviews than any president in modern history. McLaughuned in the eyes of more than half the public. Trump receives a 10-point rating from the same Pew Research Center Americans in general. (As with many other surveys, the Trump presidency has been covered by the Center for Public Affairs.)
Global views of the current economies in 38 countries surveyed this year correlate somewhat with countries’ per capita GDP growth in 2011-2016. For example, seven-in-ten Indonesians (74%) say their country is as or more prosperous than other nations. Roughly half in Vietnam (49%) say the same.
For the most part, emerging and developing countries where publics see their economies prosper right now have lower rates of unemployment. For example, seven-in-ten Venezuelans (65%) say unemployment is lower than other nations’ per capita unemployment rates, even though the country’s per capita GDP grew by less than 1% in 2011-2016. In the Philippines, seven-in-ten (72%) say their economy is less or as prosperous as other nations’ per capita per capita per capita per capita per capita.
Women are more optimistic than men about the safety of GM foods. Some 65% of women, compared with 49% of men, say GM foods are generally safe. This gap disappears among Hispanics (65% to 41%).
Americans say political leaders should compromise and have the ability to listen to the other side. Almost seven-in-ten (75%) say political leaders should be like-minded and compromise, including 48% who say leaders should often be on the side of members of the other party while taking positions on issues that are disliked at least as much as they are liked.
The public also expresses at least some partisan differences in views of political leaders who compromise and listen to the other side. Fully 62% say political leaders should be liberal on issues, while 32% say leaders should be conservative. Significantly more say liberals (65%) should compromise than say conservatives (52%) must compromise; 42% of Americans say political leaders should listen to the other side, rather than taking positions that are disliked.
People in Muslim-majority countries tend to place more importance on Islam in their countries than they do to the teachings of the Quran. For instance, eight-in-ten or more Muslims in 10 Muslim-majority countries surveyed still say that the Quran should guide our laws very or somewhat closely.
German confidence in how the coronavirus is being dealt with in their own country is high. Roughly half of Germans (53%) believe Germany has done a good job in dealing with the coronavirus outbreak, while just 12% think the country has dealt with this bad. Germans also have a favorable opinion of how the European Union has dealt with the coronavirus outbreak (68% positive), as well as how the World Health Organization has dealt with it (66%). Germans also have a favorable view of how the United States has dealt with the coronavirus outbreak (88% positive), although Germans take less positive views of how the U.S. has dealt with the outbreak than do Europeans.
The British also generally trust television and the press. Majorities of the British public (47% each) have confidence in television and the press, and relatively few (45% for television, 49% for the press) mistrust them. The gap between confidence in the media and trust in the press is greater than it is in most other European countries.
Among Millennials, the non-white population is roughly four times as caucasian. Boomers (ages 50 to 64) are about three-quarters as non-white as non-whites (28%); bosses (50 to 64) are roughly half (22%). Meanwhile, just 21% of Hispanics are non-white.
In addition to holding President Donald Trump in a negative light, Muslim Americans also have unfavorable views of him specifically toward Muslim Americans. Muslim Americans say Trump is unfriendly toward Muslim Americans, including 54% who say he is unfriendly this way because he “does not care about Muslims.” About three-in-ten (28%) say he does not care about Muslims personally, while 31% say he does not care about Muslims at all.
The public disapproved majority holds: Muslim Americans also have unfavorable views of the Democratic Party. Muslim Americans say the Democratic Party is unfriendly toward Muslim Americans, including 77% who say this way.
Power sources other than coal are becoming more important to the generation of U.S. electricity consumers, and that is having a profound impact on how Americans are preparing for the future. A Pew Research Center survey conducted earlier this year finds that a vast majority of Americans are concerned about climate change and are hopeful about the future of energy sources. But while Americans are optimistic about the energy sector, few are saying their own household will be helped by shifting toward more renewable energy sources in the coming years.
About half of Americans (54%) say their own household will be helped by shifting toward more renewable energy sources in the coming years, while another 31% say they expect help from fossil fuel sources. But relatively few say their own household will be helped by shifting toward more renewable energy sources, which could come at the expense of coal and nuclear power.
Black households (87%) are more likely than white households (72%) to say they expect their own household to be helped by shifting toward more renewable energy sources. Younger households ages 18 to 29, Millennials in general and those younger than 30 are more likely than older households to say their own household will be helped by shifting toward more renewable energy sources. About nine-
A modest share of Americans say abortion should be legal in all or most cases. Tartarughil said this made up 20% of Americans in 2019, slightly lower than the 23% who said the same in 2016. Men (24%) were slightly more likely than women (19%) to say abortion should be legal in all or most cases.
The views of each party are similar in the new survey. The Partido Popular en el Congreso (PPC) has consistently had higher favorable than unfavorable ratings compared to its rival, Nuevas Ideas (NE). Currently, 44% have a favorable view of NE while 40% view the Partido Popular Favorable. Partisans have an approximately 10-point gap in their favorability ratings.
In general, Germans have a more positive global opinion than do people in other European countries. Among Europeans there are similar shares saying Germany plays a more or less important role in world affairs. About four-in-ten or more in France, Spain, the U.S., the Netherlands and Poland say Germany is at least as important a player in world affairs as it was 20 years ago.
Similarly, in Germany there are more than half who say the country’s economic position is good relative to other nations.
Half of U.S. adults say they check online reviews before buying something for the first time. Pew Research Center surveyed adults aged 18-49 in November 2015 and again in October 2016. Overall, Americans ages 18-49 are now somewhat more likely than in prior Pew Research surveys to say they check online reviews before buying something for the first time. Roughly half (47%) of adults ages 18-49 say they check online reviews “always” or “almost always,” up from 34% who said the same in a 2015 Pew Research Center survey.
Reading reviews also plays a role in online shopping decisions. Fully 42% of adults ages 18-49 say they check online reviews “sometimes” before buying something for the first time. Fewer adults under 50 say this (33%); only 16% of adults who are 50 or older do so.
The Justice Department’s Clemency Initiative encourages qualified federal agencies to pardon convicted prisoners who have served their sentences. Between 1981 and 2009, the Clemency Initiative granted pardons to 12 prisoners, according to data from the Department of Justice. But in the current fiscal year (which began Oct. 1), the Clemency Initiative granted only eight pardons, down from 19 in fiscal 2009 and 12 in fiscal 2007.
Conservative Republicans tend to view police officers as very warmly, while liberal Democrats are somewhat more neutral. Conservatives shenanigan about 8-in-10 (79%) (24%), but moderates hold somewhat different views, with 57% saying they view police officers very warmly and another 41% saying they view them somewhat warmly. By contrast, 32% of liberal Democrats and 31% of moderate Democrats express the view that they view police officers very warmly.
There has also been similar lowidivol support for reducing taxes on the wealthy and corporations since 2002. Then, 40% of Americans said that the best and fairest way to reduce taxes on the wealthy would be to raise taxes on the middle class and poor, while 31% said the best way to reduce taxes on corporations would be to raise taxes on the poor and middle class. A 2014 Pew Research Center survey found that a slim majority of Americans (56%) still thought the best way to reduce taxes on the wealthy would be to raise taxes on the poor and middle class, while a smaller majority (45%) favored raising taxes on the middle class and poor.
The gap between Kerry and Bush has increased from 5.5 percentage points in August to 8.5 points in September. Bush’s overall favorability rating has also increased modestly, from 42% in August to 47% currently.
Overall, Trump has a rating of 29% approving and 71% disapproving among surveyed this summer. This is similar to the 29% approving and 71% disapproving rating received by his predecessor, Barack Obama, during his final year in office. Obama was rated more negatively than Trump, because Obama had been in office longer and was rated by a different organization, the Pew Research Center for the People and the Press.
When it comes to the future of the European Union, people around the world are generally in the same camp when it comes to how far national governments should be allowed to participate in the EU. But there are some exceptions.
Across eight European countries we surveyed in 2018, majorities or pluralities said national governments should send more powers to the EU. Kenyans, Moldovans and Hungarians disagreed.
Somewhat more say Greece should send more powers to the EU than say this in the UK, Sweden, the Netherlands, Italy and France. Roughly seven-in-ten or more in Poland and Spain say their governments should send more powers to the EU, though majorities disagree in Spain in both the UK and France. Roughly four-in-ten Spaniards say the Spanish government should send more powers to the EU, though 17% disagree in France and 27% disagree in Spain.
The unemployment rate has been below 4% since the end of the Great Recession, but just last week, it reached a 13-year high of 7.6%. The current rate of 7.3% is the highest since the end of World War II.
The unemployment rate is just below 7.0% today, and has been below 7% since January 2016.
But the Pew Research Center/ Viseadutours survey remains divided. 63% say the U.S. will succeed in Afghanistan within the next year and 47% say the U.S. should keep troops there until the situation has stabilized.
Despite the growing acceptance of homosexuality among Americans, however, some still hold the view that people are born gay or lesbian.
Overall, 41% say gay or lesbian people are born that way, while 42% say the result of a person’s sexual orientation is just the way some choose to live.
High school education (48% just the way) is somewhat more likely than some college education or higher (53% just the way) to hold the view that gays and lesbians are born that way. Younger people (ages 18 to 29) are also somewhat more likely than older people (ages 50 and older) to say gay or lesbians are born that way.
This chart shows the percentage increase or decrease in the point (or “score”) for naturalization among immigrants in the 2005 and 2015 Naturalization citoyennes et résidents permanents du Canada top 20 countries. The U.S. is not included, since it is not a member of the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA) and thus does not have a trade agreement that requires immigrants to take steps to become U.S. citizens. This chart is based on a different analysis of naturalization point data from the Department of Homeland Security.
Naturalization point rates for immigrants to the United States have increased dramatically since 2005. According to the Department of Homeland Security, 2015 naturalization point rates for immigrants eligible for U.S. citizenship ranged from 86% in Mexico to 68% in Canada. Immigrants from countries such as Haiti, the Dominican Republic, Jamaica and Venezuela experienced the biggest increases in naturalization point scores. Immigrants from Japan saw the smallest increase in naturalization point scores.
Naturalization point rates for immigrants to the United States have increased by 18 percentage points since 2005. This is the largest increase among the
Americans say they are following the eruption in Iceland’s volcano ash covering parts of Europe very closely: 32% say they were watching the story very closely last week, and about 4-in-10 (38%) say they were watching the story very closely last month.
Interest in the story has remained largely unchanged since last month. Fully 59% say they were following the story of the eruption of volcanic lava covering parts of Iceland very closely last month; 40% say they were very closely following the story in early February.
Interest in economic news remains fairly consistent: 24% say they were following the economic troubles very closely last month, and 21% say they are very closely following the economic crisis today.
The newest Supreme Court nominee, Associate Justice Brett Kavanaugh, faces a challenging road to confirming a majority of Democratic members of Congress. The 55% of Democrats who say Democrats would vote “vote to overturn Roe v. Wade if Kavanaugh is confirmed to sit on the Supreme Court” are bitterly divided: More than four-in-ten Democrats (55%) say they would vote to overturn the Roe decision if Kavanaugh is confirmed, while just 25% say they would not vote to overturn it.
Americans of color have very different views on police funding and staffing than whites. Hispanics for the most part for the for the most part back for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the for the reasons why) for for more for for less for more for for police funding and for more for for for more for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for reasons why for for Hispanic Americans for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for reasons why compared with for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for for reasons why.
For the most part Americans ages 18 to 29 believe that funding for police departments should be reduced or remain about the same. For 18- to 29-year-olds, 45% say that spending on police in their area should be reduced, while 42% say it should stay about the same. Yet Americans younger
Remittances to Mexico have risen dramatically since the 1990s, especially since the 1980s. In 2016, Mexico received $255 billion in remittances, making it the top recipient of all countries, followed by the United States ($205 billion), China ($135 billion), India ($125 billion) and the Philippines ($105 billion).
To be sure, some adults are skeptical of the potential of genetic engineering. When asked whether or not it is appropriate to use genetic engineering to treat a serious congenital disease or condition, 27% think the practice is a threat to the “taking medical technology too far” characterization: about one-in-four adults say the practice could “treat a serious disease or condition the baby would have as a birth result.” But roughly seven-in-ten say the practice is “appropriate” for medical technology: 72% say the practice is appropriate out of the need to treat a serious disease or condition the baby would have as a birth result.
People in the Middle East, particularly in Lebanon, are also highly concerned about religious and ethnic hatred. Three-quarters of Lebanese Muslims (75%) and roughly half of Palestinians (49%) say the latter poses the greatest threat. Fewer Lebanese Muslims (42%) and fewer Palestinians (45%) say the former poses a major threat.
This philanth lumiere is part of a set of graphics that examine Americans’ views about immigrants in general and about immigrants living in the U.S. illegally in particular. This graphic shows Americans’ views about how to handle immigrants living in the U.S. illegally. The chart is based on a Pew Research Center survey conducted March 13-17, 2013, among 3,334 U.S. adults. In a previous survey conducted in December 2012, Americans were divided over how to handle immigrants living in the U.S. illegally: 27% said they should not be allowed to stay legally and 43% said they should be eligible for citizenship. In this new analysis, the same patterns hold. A third of Americans (37%) say they should not be allowed to stay legally, while 45% say they should be eligible for citizenship.
Another key measure of how parents share the responsibility for child care shows that while most working mothers (26%) and working fathers (48%) say they spend too little time with their children, only a third (3) say they provide too much care. The share of working mothers who say they spend right amount of time with their children is even higher at 66%.
As smartphones have become more popular, the importance of cell phones as a means of communication has grown. Today, 37% of cell owners say they often use their phones to coordinate activities in public places, and a further 22% say this when they use their phones in public places. In addition, cell owners who use their phones to communicate with family and friends at work or school are now significantly more likely than their non-cell owners to say they do this.
Age 50 and older are about as likely to identify as conservative as other adults. But younger veterans, those ages 18 to 49, are less conservative than all adults and Democrats in the same age.
Democrats ages 50 and older are roughly on par with the public as regards their partisanship; 32% identify as Democrats. Young Democrats make up 30% of the electorate.
While a majority of Americans say they followed news about the Gulf oil leak very closely the 2008 campaign was overshadowed by other major stories. A separate thread of political drama in Washington was not even among the public’s top 10 stories. While 21% say they followed news about the resignation of former General David Petraeus very closely, only about one-in-ten (15%) say they followed news about the Supreme Court’s ruling on state fiscal codes.
The United States is still far ahead of most other countries in internet adoption, but the rate of growth has slowed in recent years. Internet access is now a key component of a modern lifestyle in the United States, and today 89% of Americans report that they go online at least occasionally. This is more than double the 44% of Russians and 26% of Ghanaians who report going online.
The chart below shows the prison occupancy rate for 20 countries in January 2012, based on the data from the International Center for Prison Studies, University of Essex. The prison occupancy rate is the percentage of the prison population that is behind its capacity. The darker the color, the higher the prison occupancy rate.
Democratic and Republican adults’ views of the news in their communities tend to be linked. For instance, Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents are more likely than Republicans and GOP leaners to say local journalists are in touch with the community (67% vs. 61%), mostly cover the area where they live (54% to 49%) and have a lot of influence on local issues (40% to 34%). But GOP-leaning independents and Republicans express less confidence in local news media to connect with their communities and to play important roles in local issues.
Fetuses born in 2017 will be the first to live in a world with fewer marriages than cohabitations. This generational shift is largely attributable to a change in the pattern of marriage and cohabitation. In 2002, 54% of adults ages 18 to 44 had ever been married or were in a common union; by 2013-2017, that share had dropped to 59% and 50%, respectively.
New England and the Midwest again have the most positive views of abortion. Three-quarters of Americans said in the Pew Research Center survey conducted July 17-21 2012 in the wake of the Roe v. Wade decision, which struck down Roe’s most restrictive precedent, Roe vs. Wade, and established a right to abortion in all cases, that they should be allowed to make their own decisions about abortion.
Mexican immigrants make up a growing share of the nation’s population. In 2010, Mexican immigrants made up 10.6% of all Mexicans in the U.S., compared with 9.0% in 1990.
Americans must wait until Sept. 15 to vote in the midterm congressional elections. In the meantime, the administration is holding a workshop to discuss ways the federal government and tech companies can address misinformation and false news on the internet.
For the most part, Americans are supportive of protections against false information. Roughly six-in-ten adults say the U.S. government should take steps to protect free speech on the internet, and an overwhelming majority backs technology companies taking steps to restrict false information, according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in March-April 2017.
A voter issue? A more important issue than policy? Opinions differ. In Pew Research Center survey data on statewide measures in Colorado, 41% of voters say emphasizing protection of gun rights is more important than controlling gun ownership.
Similarly, 11% say contacts with officials is more important than policy.
And, in a recent campaign ad, NRA ads were shown on television. The ad claimed that “contact with officials” is “more important than policy.” The ad was labeled “Paid for by the National Rifle Association.” The ad was originally titled “Gun Control.” The ad was later changed to “Gun Policy.” The ad was originally titled “Gun Rights.” The ad was later changed to “Gun Policy.” The ad was originally titled “Gun Ownership.” The ad was later changed to “Gun Policy.” The ad was originally titled “Gun Rights.” The ad was later changed to “Gun Ownership.” The ad was originally titled “Gun Ownership.” The ad was later changed to “Gun Policy.” The ad was originally titled “Gun Rights.” The ad was later changed to “Gun Ownership.” The ad was originally titled “Gun Ownership.” The ad was later changed to “Gun Policy.” The ad was originally titled “Gun Rights.” The ad
The labor force participation rate for immigrants fell from 69.0% in 2007 to 66.3% in 2008. The rate for native-born Hispanics increased from 65.6% in 2007 to 66.1% in 2008. The rate for blacks increased from 65.4% in 2007 to 67.4% in 2008. The rate for Asians increased from 67.1% in 2007 to 67.2% in 2008. The labor force participation rate for whites increased from 65.1% in 2007 to 65.3% in 2008.
Tunisians (63%), Jordanians (55%) and Lebanese (51%) are the most pessimistic when it comes to a possible future end of the Syrian conflict. More than half or more hold this view in Turkey and Israel. Arabs living in Jordan and Lebanon are also considerably more pessimistic about the future of the conflict than are Arabs in the other countries included in the survey.
In typical households headed by a working father and mother, mothers tend to do more of the childcare, household chores and responsibilities. But when both parents work full time, the division of labor is roughly even. Some 54% of parents with two working parents said that mothers do more childcare, schedules and activities, while 47% said this role falls to fathers. Another 42% of parents with two working parents said fathers do more household chores, responsibilities and disciplining of children.
This year’s life rating of 6.1 is lower than for any Pew Research Center national survey conducted since 2003. Through 5 years of Pew Research Center surveys, we find that Americans now rate their life at the lowest level of any Pew Research Center national survey conducted since 2003. This rating compares with 6.8 in 1987, 5.8 in 1994 and 4.8 in 2000.
Across all surveys conducted by Pew Research Center, opinions of the federal government and its agencies have grown more negative in recent years. For example, in 1997, 68% had a favorable view of the federal government and 38% had an unfavorable view. In 2001, 63% held a favorable view of the federal government and 33% unfavorable. In 2013, just 28% had a favorable view of the federal government and 63% unfavorable.
The latest national survey on the 2020 presidential campaign, conducted June 16-22 among 5,003 adults by Pew Research Center, shows that while there is currently a wide partisan gap over who the pandemic will benefit, Americans generally back helping those affected by the coronavirus.
Half of the public (51%) say that to help the economy, it will be necessary for Congress and the president to pass an additional economic package. A slightly smaller majority of Democrats (57%) say more aid is needed, but about three-in-ten Republicans (35%) think the country is fiscally healthy.
Overall, the most likely group to own an e-book reader is those who have never owned a tablet computer. Some 43% of 18- to 20-year-olds who have never owned a tablet computer or e-book reader currently own one. This is followed by 32% of 26- to 35-year-olds who have never owned a tablet computer or e-book reader, and 25% of those ages 36 to 49.
Americans place a high value on freedom of speech, media access and internet freedom. Majorities in the U.S. and Latin America, Europe and Asia-Pacific agree. The global median opinion on free speech and internet freedom is similar. Majorities in the U.S. and Europe and Latin America surveyed by Pew Research Center place a great deal of importance on free speech (72% and 69%, respectively). Asians fall in between in their views – roughly six-in-ten (61%) say free speech is important, while 50% say it is.
Public opinion on internet freedom is more mixed. Majorities in Africa, the Middle East and Latin America say internet freedom is important. However, in the European nations surveyed, 55% say free speech is important and 55% say the same about internet access.
Concern about the country’s economic health is also strong: 77% of the public says the economy is in bad shape, the highest percentage among gop polls taking before the 2010 elections. The percentage saying the economy is good or seeing improvements has fallen by 14 percentage points since the 2009 elections.
Trust in the national government is relatively low in Venezuela; people place low expectations on the government to do what is right for their country. Fewer children and young people in Venezuela say the government does what is right for their country, than older adults.
Foreign aid to sub-Saharan Africa continued to grow in 2017, but growth slowed sharply. Sub-Saharan Africa’s foreign aid to the region increased by 10% in 2017, according to data from the World Bank.
Remittances to the region increased by 9% in 2017, the largest increase in all regions. Asia saw the biggest growth, up by 6%. Europe saw the smallest increase, at 1%. Remittances to the region grew by 3% in Europe, while remittances to the region grew by 1% in North America, Africa and South America.
Overall, remittances to the region grew by 7% in 2017, the largest increase in all regions. Growth was driven by growth in remittances to Asia and North America, which saw the largest increases in 2017.
By a 58%-31% margin, Democrats express more positive views of abortion than Republicans, but there is a similar partisan gap on views about abortion in most cases being legal. About three-fourths of Americans (75%) say abortion should be legal in most cases, while roughly one-in-five (22%) say it should be illegal in all cases.
In the Philippines and Vietnam, majorities of the public oppose the U.S. president’s plan to withdraw from major trade and climate agreements. Only 18% in the Philippines and 11% in Vietnam approve of the plan.
In Japan, about six-in-ten people approve of the U.S. president’s plan, with 29% expressing support.
Facebook remains the most widely used online platform in the United States by a wide margin: Seven-in-ten U.S. adults say they go online at least somewhat frequently, compared with 69% who say the same of YouTube, 24% of whom go online at least some, and 28% of Pinterest, according to a February 2019 Pew Research Center survey. LinkedIn trails Pinterest and YouTube somewhat.
Another challenge parents encounter is that their teens spend too much time in front of screens. Roughly six-in-ten parents worry their teen spends too much time in front of screens and spend a lot of time of online communication: 35% of parents say this about their teen and 32% say the same about themselves. Teens who are ages 13 to 17 also spend too much time on life-online: 33% of parents and teens worry this much a lot; 28% express at least some worry about this. Teens who are ages 13 to 17 worry less about spending too much time in front of screens and communicating a lot: around one-third (35% of parents, 32% of teens) worry a lot about their life online.
The Pew Hispanic Institute’s latest national survey of health found that Hispanics are more likely than non-Hispanic Americans to report missing health care services. According to the survey, 27% of Hispanics are likely to go elsewhere for care when they are sick or need medical treatment compared with 19% of non-Hispanic Americans.
Figure 11. Broadband adoption rates for computers and internet access to the internet.
While the unemployment rate has steadily declined since the beginning of the Great Recession, the racial makeup of the labor force is still unevenly distributed. Hispanics make up 69% of the Hispanic workforce, compared with 54% of the workforce in the black race.
Immigrant voters in California and New York are more racially and ethnically diverse than voters in Texas, Florida and New Jersey. Immigrants in California are 37% white, 25% Asian, 25% Hispanic and 2% black, compared with immigrants in Texas and New York who are 18% white, 25% Asian, 21% Hispanic and 7% black. In New York, immigrants are 21% Hispanic and 21% black, while in Florida they are 23% Hispanic and 23% black.
The way race and ethnicity affect attitudes about video games varies by specific game attribute and by the respondent’s racial or ethnic group. For example, Black and Hispanic adults find positive attributes of most video games more likely than whites to be cooperative and strategic. Whites, however, find more positive attributes of some video games less likely to be wasted of time.
Overall, about nine-in-ten Americans (79%) consider cooperative and strategic attributes of most video games to be a waste of time, according to Pew Research Center’s 2015 survey. An even larger share (98%) finds cooperative and strategic attributes to be a waste of time. But there are differences by race and ethnicity.
White non-Hispanics also are more likely than blacks and Hispanics to find these attributes of most video games to be a waste of time. Roughly seven-in-ten whites (73%) find cooperative and strategic attributes of most video games to be a waste of time, compared with 55% of blacks and 47% of Hispanics. Whites also are more likely than blacks and Hispanics to find cooperative and strategic attributes of most video games to be a waste of time.
Many in the public say they themselves and their family don’t talk about politics much any way, and there is little variation in the views of those who are broadly in-line with those who are skeptical. But there are some differences in the views of those who say family members share their political views a most vs. those who say they are skeptical of the ability of families to talk about politics, and those who say they are skeptical of the ability of families to talk about politics with most others.
When asked about their personal financial situation in the next 12 months, around six-in-ten Brazilians (69%) say they are “very happy” or “happy” with their own income. However, a majority (62%) also says they “live at or near their means.” At the same time, a smaller majority (59%) says they “live comfortably.”
Brazilians are also very confident in the country’s economic future. This spring, after the government announced plans to boost the economy, 69% of Brazilians said the economy would “improve” over the next 12 months. Fewer (59%) are concerned about the economy “not changing” or “worsening.” Such optimism is largely due to favorable views of the business environment.
In the spring Global Ethics Survey conducted by Pew Research Center in April 2015, people in both countries are divided over whether or not their respective leaders have the right to do the right thing regarding workplace issues. Nearly half (47%) say their leaders have a lot of confidence in their decision-making on this issue. Still, 43% express no confidence.
Fewer than half (45%) of adults own a desktop computer, down from 55% in 2011. Fewer Americans own cell phones (42%) than desktop computers (44%), and fewer own game consoles (37%) or tablets (32%) or e-books (29%) or iPods or mp3 players or game consoles or e-books or tablets or laptops.
Fewer than half (47%) of Millennials express disbelief that Jesus was born a virgin. When Pew Research asked in 2012 if Jesus Christ was born a virgin, 44% of Millennials said they didn’t believe he was. That represents a slightly higher level of disbelief than those in other generations. For example, 55% of Silent boomers and 62% of Gen Xers said they didn’t believe Jesus was born a virgin.
Millennials are also somewhat more skeptical than those in other generations about Jesus Christ’s birth as a virgin. For example, 26% of Millennials believe Jesus was born a virgin, compared with 19% of Gen Xers and 17% of Baby Boomers.
This report finds that African-Americans are more likely than whites to use Twitter and to use it on a typical day. Some 25% of African-Americans use Twitter on a typical day. This compares with 19% of whites.
For the first time in more than a year Americans are seeing a glimmer of hope in Iraq. A new Pew Research Center survey finds that for the first time in more than a year more Americans think the chance for a peaceful end to the war in Iraq is good than at any point since the conflict began. And Americans also see less violence and more progress being made on the issue.
The Pew Research Center/ Gallup poll, conducted Dec. 3-24 among 500 adults, finds 58% saying that Iraq is “mostly a civil war,” while 33% say Iraq “is not a civil war, but Vietnam.” That is a change from January, when 54% said this and 43% said Iraq was a Vietnam-like insurgency.
Americans are also more optimistic about the possibility of a peaceful end to the war. In January, 41% said the U.S. would accomplish its goals on Iraq; today 50% say that. At the same time, 47% say the U.S. will take steps to ensure that Iraqis respect the rights of women and children. As recently as June, just 30% said this.2
The public is divided on increasing the federal minimum wage, with about as many in favor as opposed. While about half of voters (52%) say they favor moving from $7.25 to $15 an hour, about as many (49%) say they are opposed, according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted Aug. 9-18. Clinton supporters, by a 21%-7% margin, are more likely than Trump supporters to favor a $15 minimum wage.
A new Pew Research Center analysis shows that women continue to outpace men in the number of recent high school graduates who enroll in college. As of October 2012, 76% of recent high school graduates were enrolled in college, up from 70% in 1994. Women continue to have a larger gap with men in college enrollment than in 1994, however, and the gap has widened in recent years.
Even more than half of Americans (51%) believe that when their children today grow up, the United States will be a better place because of diversity. Frenchmen (55% positive), Poles and Germans are among the most optimistic about this.
A new study by the World Bank and the Pew Research Center shows that people in poorer nations tend to be less religious and less wealthy than their counterparts in richer nations.
In the new survey by the Pew Research Center’s nationally representative American Trends Survey, there are remarkably wide racial and ethnic gaps in attitudes toward race relations. For example, among the more than three-in-ten (31%) Hispanics who often or sometimes hear or see racial slurs, more blacks (37%) than whites (22%) say they hear these words.
About three-in-four Americans (37%) say they are following the trial of John Edwards closely, but interest is considerably lower than for the 2012 presidential election (29%) and the economic crisis (34%). The proportion saying they are following the European economic crisis very or somewhat closely is somewhat higher than both the presidential campaign and the economic crisis. Just 17% say they are following news about the trial of Edwards very or somewhat closely.
Public interest in the trial of Edwards, however, is considerably less than attention to the state of the nation’s economy. Currently, 42% say the economy is going well in the United States and 61% say the job situation is strong.
The Pew Global Attitudes survey has long explored public opposition to military interventions, and 2014 is no different. Opposing the use of drones to kill terrorists is nearly universal around the world, and majorities in most countries surveyed disapprove.
McLaugh’s January survey shows that Americans are divided on the issue of helping the poor. Fully 72% of the public say the government should help more needy people even if it means going deeper into debt, while just 35% approve of the government helping the poor if it means fewer federal deficits.
Republicans are far more likely to approve of helping the poor than Democrats are of helping the government help the poor. Currently, 64% of Republicans approve of helping the poor, compared with just 39% of Democrats. Support for helping the government help the poor has been increasing steadily since 2001.
The nation’s public elementary, secondary and high schools are becoming more racially and ethnically diverse, according to a new Pew Research Center analysis of data from the U.S. Department of Education. By 2050, more than half of the nation’s public secondary schools will be majority minority, and half of the nation’s public elementary schools will be majority white.
On a typical week, working full-time moms and working full-time fathers spend roughly half their time on paid work and leisure, and more than a third (15.9% and 24.2%) is spent on child care. These figures are substantially higher than the amount of time spent on household work (39.4%) and time spent on leisure (20.2%).
Series: Live Updates Terrorist Attacks on Paris, Looking Ahead to U.S. Election, Donald Trump, Joe Biden in France Prime Minister Emmanuel Macron to Address U.S.-France Crisis in Paris
President Obama’s Role in World Affairs as Europeans Doubt His Leadership Series: Germans Favor Trump to Fill Obama’s Presidential Term, Germans Favor Trump’s Response to Paris Terrorist Attacks Series: Germans Favor Trump’s Response to Syrian War, Obama’s Role in World Affairs
German Prime Minister Angela Merkel has said she expects President Trump to take office in January. But while German confidence in German Chancellor Angela Merkel has been stable for several years, confidence in U.S. President Barack Obama has slipped. According to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in Germany in the spring of 2016, only 40% of Germans had confidence in Obama on the world affairs front.
While Germans have less confidence in Obama than Americans do in their own president, the 2016 Pew Research poll also finds that Germans have less confidence in Russian President Vladimir Putin than Americans do in Russian President Vladimir Putin. Roughly half of Germans (58%) lack confidence in Putin on world affairs. Roughly half of Americans (52%) lack confidence
People who recently became internet users reported difficulties with basic tasks such as signing into websites and taking surveys. Some 43% of internet users said they had problems signing into websites, and as many reported struggles signing up for surveys (32%). Relatively few users reported difficulty learning how to use a tablet (32%), difficulty keeping their tablet’s battery charged (14%) or difficulty reading the screen on their tablet (16%).
A majority of Americans (58%) now believe alternative energy sources should be more important, up 13 points since 2015. Roughly eight-in-ten (81%) now say alternative sources as the priority for addressing the nation’s energy supply.
There are large partisan divides over energy priorities. Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents are 12 points more likely than Republicans and GOP leaners to say alternative energy sources should be more important (73% vs. 61%). Nearly three-quarters of Americans (75%) now say addressing the nation’s energy supply is more important than developing alternative energy sources.
Democratic voters in particular are ideologically divided over whether or not to reduce the size of the U.S. banking system. Support ranges from 65% among liberal Democrats to 24% among conservative moderate and Republican Democrats. Respondents must support one issue to be able to ask about the candidate’s position on reducing the size of banks.
Support for reducing the size of banks among Democratic primary voters is linked to a candidate’s ideological position behind a candidate who might be a Democrat running for president. Conservative moderate and liberal Democrats are more likely than moderate and liberal Democrats to support a candidate who might be a Republican if he or she says he wants to reduce the size of banks. Among liberal Democrats, 66% back a conservative candidate who wants to reduce the size of banks.
Here are the charts:
One-third of Democrats (33%) say their house of worship most often attend for in-person services, while another 64% say their house of worship is currently closed due to the coronavirus outbreak. In contrast, 19% of Republicans very closely second to those who say they attend for mostly online services, while 66% say their house of worship should be closed.
In addition to concerns about the possibility of a nuclear strike, some also see a long-term military commitment in Syria. The public is divided over whether the airstrikes are likely to lead to a long-term military commitment. Roughly equal proportions of Americans say the airstrikes are likely to lead to a long-term military commitment there (36%) and to create a backlash against the U.S. and its allies in the region (74%). Left open, 11% say the airstrikes could lead to a nuclear strike.
Views on whether the airstrikes are likely to create a backlash against the U.S. and its allies in the region are more negative. Roughly three-in-ten (33%) think the airstrikes will be effective in discouraging the use of chemical weapons.
Last week, the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press began collecting data on trust in government. The survey found that Americans are less likely to trust the federal government right now than at any point in the past 50 years. Perceived government weakness is a major factor in this trend. The Pew ResearchnEntereason, Gallup, ABC Washington Post surveys have found that Americans do not trust the government more than they did a decade ago.
Blacks from the Caribbean account for about 10% of the U.S. black population, but they make up a much larger share of the black immigrant population. Overall, there are about 100,000 foreign-born blacks in the U.S., according to the Pew Research Center’s American Community Survey. Of these, about 71,600 are Jamaican, 304 Haiti, 239 Nigeria and 191 Trinidad and Tobago.
A new Pew Research Center analysis shows that the immigrant share of the U.S. population has reached historic levels.
China is a country where people use social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter. Roughly six-in-ten adults who report using online social networking sites in China do so on Facebook (60%), compared with 14% in India. Social networking sites are also popular in India, however, and Indians are more likely than Chinese to use them for professional reasons. Roughly one-third of Indians (34%) report using online social networking sites for professional reasons, compared with just 11% of Chinese adults.
Thirty years after the death of Spanish galleon Antonio Lopez de Santa Anna, the story of the Mexican-American war of independence remains one of the most popular among the nine topics included on the News Interest Index. Nearly a third of the public (34%) name this story as closely followed — making it the public’s second most closely followed story of the week.
The public also closely followed the continuing drama over the nation’s struggling economy, with 27% naming it as the story they most closely followed.
Tea party activity also received considerable public attention. Three-quarters of the public followed news about the Tea Party movement and its political leaders very closely; 9% say it was their second most closely followed story of the week.
The administration’s trip to Cuba also received considerable public attention. Roughly a quarter (27%) say this was their second most closely followed story of the week; 3% mention this story as their most closely followed story.
About six-in-four Americans (69%) say “very worried” or “somewhat worried” about emerging science and technology developments.
When asked how they feel about the possibility of implanting a brain chip to track people’s brain activity and associate that activity with information about their health, 62% of Americans say they are at least somewhat worried.
Yet the Latino electorate is highly engaged in the 2020 presidential campaign. Around three-in-ten (31%) say they have given a lot of thought to the candidates, while 43% say they are more enthusiastic about voting than in previous presidential elections.
More than four-in-ten Latino registered voters (46%) say they are more enthusiastic about voting than in 2016, while 50% of voters say they are less enthusiastic.
And the public also sees a greater threat in the domestic economy than abroad. A majority of Americans (76%) say the growing size of the national debt is the nation’s biggest threat to the economic well-being of the country. Far fewer cite economic competition from China (59%), the power of financial institutions and banks (56%), or foreign economic problems (46%). Fewer cite the government regulation of business (44%).
Republicans and Democrats have about the same favorable impression of the candidates running in their districts for their party’s nomination. Fully 54% of voters in both parties say they have excellent or good impression of the candidates in their district; 79% of Republican voters and 75% of Democratic voters say this. News coverage of the nomination contest has been dominated by Republicans and Democrats this year, but partisan differences are also evident in the overall tone of the coverage.
The Pew Hispanic Center estimates that 735 thousands of Mexican immigrants entered the United States from 2005 to 2006, and the average annual increase in the number of immigrants from Mexico from 2005 to 2006 was 405. The annual increase in Mexican immigrants from 2006 to 2007 was 385 thousands.
In Pew Research Center surveys conducted over the past year, a majority of Democrats (67%) unaffiliated (41%) or Republicans and lean Republicans (54%) today say Russia’s power and influence are a major threat to the United States. Democrats within the Democratic Party, a group that leans toward supporting Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton for president, already hold this view.
In early September, 58% of U.S. adults said they would definitely or probably get the coronavirus vaccine if it were available, according to a separate survey by Pew Research Center conducted Sept. 1-11.
Democrats had substantially more confidence than Republicans in late May, when 79% of Democrats said they would definitely or probably get the vaccine if it were available to them, while just 45% of Republicans said the same.
The FCC’s net neutrality comments period, which is used to determine whether or not comments are neutral or duplicate, is updated every day and is available for viewing on the Commission’s website. Comments submitted by the FCC on its net neutrality website are collected by a machine that counts the number of comments submitted per day. The machine is designed to detect duplicate comments, and thus comments that are not unique to a particular day.
For example, when asked whether they use the internet on their phone, nine-in-ten Americans have accessed the internet at least briefly through their phone camera app or through the phone browser at least some time in the last 14 days. The percentage of Americans who have accessed the internet through their phone camera app or browser has also been roughly comparable since 2012. Internet access is the seventh most commonly reported smartphone feature used by Americans last week (at least some time in the last 14 days).
The FBI has recorded 91 anti-Muslim assaults thus far this year, up 93% from the 45 recorded in 2001. The agency also recorded 127 anti-Muslim assaults in 2016, up 156% from 56 recorded in 2001.
Online dating and finding a partner through these platforms are more common among younger adults than older adults, racial and ethnic minorities, or those who live in urban areas.
More than six in 10 (62%) Americans play puzzle or strategy games often or sometimes, according to our survey. Similarly, 62% of Americans who play video games play role-playing games often or sometimes. (For more on the American Playbook survey, see “A look inside Americans’ play habits.”)
Americans’ views on homosexuality are similar to those of Catholics, according to a Pew Research Center survey of religion in the U.S. conducted in 2013. Americans were more likely than Catholics to say homosexuality should not be accepted by society. However, Catholics were more positive about homosexuality than Catholics in some Latin American countries.
The new analysis shows that the median earnings of 25 to 37 year olds increased only for the college-educated, but not for all Americans younger than 35. Median annual earnings among 25 to 37 year olds among college-educated adults increased to $66,000, up from $51,000 in 2014. Median earnings for those with at least a bachelor’s degree, on the other hand, increased to $41,800, up from $32,100 in 2014. Median earnings for those with at least a high school diploma increased only modestly, from $36,700 in 2014 to $39,100 in 2017.
The gap between college-educated and less-educated Americans is not growing as fast as the nation’s overall income inequality. In 2017, median earnings of college-educated adults were about 40% higher than those with at least a high school diploma, but median earnings of college-educated adults were only 10% higher than median earnings of less-educated adults.
For example, in Poland in June and July of 2015, 60% of Poles reported that they would be unwilling to accept a Jew as a neighbor, and even more disagreed with Roma (72%) and Muslims (55%). These percentages are comparable to those recorded in other European countries in similar circumstances. Opposition toward Jews is particularly common in eastern Europe, with two-thirds or more saying they would not accept Jews as neighbors in Romania, Bulgaria, Poland and the Czech Republic. Opposition to Muslims is also widespread in eastern Europe, with two-thirds favoring no acceptance in Romania, Bulgaria and Poland, and more than half favoring no acceptance in the Czech Republic. Opposition to Roma is more common in eastern Europe, with roughly half favoring no acceptance in Romania, Bulgaria and Poland, and more than four-in-ten favoring no acceptance in the Czech Republic.
One key element of whether or not an individual feels comfortable engaging with contact tracing is how often they expect to be called by an exposure contact. Roughly four-in-ten (39%) said that an exposure contact calling them often, and another 30% said this happens rarely or never. Similarly, roughly half (51%) said they are at least somewhat comfortable engaging with contact tracing, compared with 43% who said they feel somewhat or very comfortable.
In 11 Muslim countries, fewer than half of the public favors gender segregation in the workplace. This opinion is especially common in Pakistan (11%), where in the Center’s most recent poll in the country in 2011, 85% of Muslims opposed such segregation. In Egypt (54%), Jordan (50%), Nigeria (49%) and Indonesia (38%), fewer than half also favor such segregation (44% in Egypt, 38% in Jordan, 38% in Nigeria and 36% in Indonesia).
Nearly half (50%) say they followed news about the earthquake and tsunami in Japan very closely. The earthquake and tsunami were the top story of news nationally. Republicans are somewhat more likely than Democrats to say they followed these events very closely (62% vs. 53%). Public interest in the disaster has been high since it struck Japan on March 11, 2011. Overall, 42% of Americans say they followed news about the disaster very closely last week; 24% say they followed this news “somewhat.”
Nearly one-in-three (33%) say they followed news about the air strikes into Libya very closely; 16% say they followed this news somewhat closely. Roughly three-in-ten (36%) say they were closely following reports about the economy; 10% say they followed this news very closely. Overall, 36% say they followed reports about the economy very closely; 10% say they followed this news somewhat closely. The media devoted 1% of all coverage to the economy last week. The crisis in Libya accounted for 1% of coverage.
Just 8% say they followed news about the 2012
3. Roughly half of Americans (45%) have at least a fair amount of confidence that a great deal or not too much of all of a given group of researchers in developing a safe and effective vaccine for COVID-19. These Americans have opposite levels of trust among Republicans, with 2 in 3 saying they have a great deal or fair amount confidence in great group of researchers (41% have confidence among Democrats, also close.)
While clear majorities of Americans overall express at least some trust in research on COVID-19 in general, those with more trust in government authorities – and who themselves would definitely or probably get the COVID-19 vaccine – are more likely than those who are less trusting to say they have a great deal of confidence in the research on COVID-19 (54% vs. 16%). Roughly seven-in-ten of those with more trust in government authorities (72%) also have a great deal or fair amount confidence that the research on COVID-19 will produce a safe and effective vaccine (though 50% of those under less trust in government authorities say they have not too much confidence). Among those with less trust in government authorities, only 44% have confidence
In 2012, a smaller majority of the public (54%) said that conflicts between Democrats and Republicans were very strong. That share has increased rapidly over the past four years, with a record 86% saying that the conflict between Democrats and Republicans is strong.
And Americans are largely supportive of making it easier for all citizens to vote. Around six-in-ten (58%) say that everything possible should be done to make it easy for every citizen to vote, and roughly three-quarters (77%) say that citizens should be given the option of registering to vote ahead of time. These supports are largely consistent across demographic groups, with some notable exceptions.
Parents of children younger than age zero are much more likely than parents of older children to say their child uses social media sites such as Facebook, Instagram and TikTok.
A small majority of parents in the 0-2 age group (56%) report that their child uses TikTok, a short-form video platform popular with teens. A similar share of parents in the 3 to 6 age group (38%) say their child uses TikTok. TikTok is the only social media platform for which there are self-reported differences between parents of younger and older children.
In 2010, 42% of adults were living in a family with two adults, one white spouse and one Hispanic or Latino (or multiracial) spouse. Among those families, 5% were Hispanic/multiracial and 3% were white/black.
Survey findings suggest the U.S. has lost its economic luster in recent years. Americans have shifted their views of China over the course of the past decade, but Americans have a more negative impression of China than do Asians overall. Americans now have a higher share (50%) than a lower (33%) who say China is the world’s leading economic power. Americans’ opinions about the U.S. have not changed much over this period, however, and while around four-in-ten Americans (38%) say the U.S. is the world’s leading economic power, that is down from 49% in 2017.
The share of Americans saying the U.S. is the world’s leading economic power has been below 40% since 2014. As recently as 2017, Americans had a higher opinion of the U.S. than China. Americans are more likely than Asians to take a positive view of China, but Americans are less likely than Asians to take a negative view of the U.S. In 2017, 32% of Americans had a negative view of the U.S., compared with 1
As part of our analysis of the recommended videos, we identified a few that were particularly popular. These videos were recommended to more than 2 million people. (The analysis includes a list of these videos.)
Currently, Americans are hearing mixed messages about the nation’s economy from both major news organizations. The public has a mixed impression about economic news. About as many say they are hearing mixed (24%), mostly bad (23%), or mostly good (6%) news. Around a quarter (21%) say they are hearing mostly bad news about the economy. Only 6% say they are hearing mostly good news about the economy.
The percentage of adults who are not employed has increased by 1 percentage point since the beginning of the Great Recession in 2008. Currently, 19% of adults do not work. This is up from 17% in 2009.
Blacks and Hispanics are underrepresented in all STEM jobs. Among those employed ages 25 and older, Blacks and Hispanics make up roughly one-fifth (18%) of all employed adults, but they make up 13% (11%) of employed engineers, 12% (11%) of engineers with engineering degrees, 14% (11%) of physical scientists, 14% (9%) of mathematicians, 17% of life scientists, 17% of computer scientists, and 19% of engineers with computer science degrees.
Mexican Americans have been an important part of the U.S. population since the nation’s founding. In 1850, when the first census was taken, there were 2 million Mexicans in the United States, or about 1 in 10. Today, the Mexican American population is about 1.8 million, or 1 in 68.
As he prepares to take office, Democratic House leader Mark Warner faces a daunting challenge. He faces a caucus that is split along roughly equal parts of both parties, and he faces a Senate that is controlled by Republicans, despite the best efforts of Democratic Sen. Barack Obama to make it otherwise.
Warner’s leadership position is not the first time a member of the House has lost his party’s nomination. Indeed, Warner’s defeat in the party’s primaries last week was the first defeat of a House member by his own party since 1994.
The gap between Democrats and Republicans over the economy is not solely due to concerns about the stock market. While both groups cite concerns about their personal finances, Democrats are more concerned about the state of the job situation. Fully 62% of Democrats cite the job situation as the single factor influencing their views of the economy. Just 36% of Republicans say this.
Among eastern Europeans, majorities say that people live today are worse off economically than they were under communism. Syrians asked in Egypt in 2011 are the same sentiments about their countries’ current economic situation. Greeks, Hungarians, and Poles disagree.
Senate elections are generally more expensive than those for the House, but the size of the Senate election is still expected to be larger than the House election. Senate elections tend to attract more voters than those for the House, and Senate elections tend to cost more. Senate elections typically draw more votes than those for the House, but the size of the Senate election is expected to be higher than the House election.
Republicans are the only philosophic group with a higher share than Democrats who say they have heard much more about negotiations between the U.S. and North Korea (64% to 46%, respectively). But about four-in-ten in both parties (41% Republican, 39% Democrat) say they have heard very little.
Americans’ awareness of the recalls is quite low. About one-in-four adults (27%) say they have heard anything at all about the recalls of food and goods manufactured and sold in China over the past year. Even fewer (15%) say they have “a lot” of exposure to the situation.
Muslims and Hindus are the two largest religious groups in the U.S., accounting for about half of the population. Even among the largest religious groups, Christians and Buddhists live in smaller and smaller share of American households. At the same time, the average size of households is rising among all Americans.
The average size of a U.S. household has been rising for decades, but it’s been particularly noticeable in recent years. In 2012, the average size of a U.S. household was 2.8 people. In 2017, it was 3.2 people. The increase in average size of households has been driven by a combination of several factors.
Pew Research Center conducts telephone surveys in more than 2,000 households each year. But as more Americans go mobile, the Center is increasing its reliance on cellphones for its surveys.
A key feature of New Zealand’s secularism is its relatively low level of religion-related social hostilities, compared with other countries, according to a Pew Research Center report on global religious freedom. The median medians of religious hostilities in the Asia-Pacific region, the Middle East and Turkey — both countries that have historically had low levels of religious hostility — range from 1.7 to 2.2. The median score in New Zealand is 0.4.
According to Pew Research Center surveys in Western Europe since 2006, confidence in U.S. President Barack Obama to do the right thing on international issues is also significantly lower than that in surveys of American president during his first term. Obama had a 13 percentage point advantage in 2006 in Western Europe, compared with a 5-point gap in Obama’s first term today.
Today, Asians are projected to make up 36% of immigrants to the U.S., making them the second-largest immigrant group after Hispanics. Asians include Pacific Islanders (13%), Hispanics (31%) and blacks (19%). Whites (19%) are projected to make up 19% of projected immigrant population growth.
Many academics say the field is a bad place for them. 52% of AAAS scientists say they face a bad time looking for a job, and about a quarter (23%) or a third (27%) say this is a good time.
Many scientists also say their scientific or artistic specialty is in a bad place looking for a job. About six-in-ten scientists (62%) say this, while 25% say it’s a good time.
The Puerto Rican-origin population in the United States peaked at about 6 million in 2000 and has declined since then, according to newly released Census Bureau data. The Puerto Rican-origin population has fallen by about 1.5 million since 1980, or about 3% per year.
Black Americans’ reported use of social media is more likely to be associated with political discourse and activism than is true for whites. Roughly one-third of black social media users (34%) say that most or some of the posts they see on social media are about “social and racial relations,” when that is stated as a reason for following the site, while only 6% of whites say this.
The Gallup 4fcn/ Gallup 36Bra poll showed that 28% of Americans were satisfied with the way things are going in the U.S. In 2010, the highest percentage in Gallup’s polling since 1987 (33%). But Gallup data from 2010 show that satisfaction levels have remained low in recent years.
Seven-in-ten immigrants say they are bothered by English gaps, but this is somewhat less of an issue for those who speak little or no English. Relatively few (73%) of immigrants who speak little English themselves say they are bothered by poor spoken English, a slightly less common view than it was a decade ago.
Support for France at Home. The American public has grown more positive about its neighbor nation in recent years. Currently, roughly seven-in-ten Americans (69%) view France favorably, more favorable (24%) and no more favorably (4%) thanInggris does. At its lowest point in 2007, just 20% of Americans held a favorable view of France; at its peak, it was more popular than Great Britain (28% favorable).
McLaughandon and Julia Miller, who are married, first met in 1996. They have two children and have lived together since 2000. Their marriage may be the first to be recognized by the government as equal under federal law. Today 63% of Americans favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally. A year ago, in 2005, the public was split over the issue (53% in favor, 51% opposed). Support for legal marriage has increased by 10 points since 2005. In 1996, 65% of Americans favored allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally. Support for the change has increased by 15 points since then. For more than half a century Americans have held very different views about the issue. In 1996 Americans were divided over the issue. Support for allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally increased dramatically from 38% in 1996 to 63% in 2005 and again to 63% in 2007. Support for legal marriage has remained fairly steady since then. For more than half a decade support for legal marriage has remained
As a general rule, the more conservative a member was in the party, the more moderate his Facebook postings were in content. Members who identified as moderates posted more frequently to posts focused on local issues, and they were more likely to address local issues in relation to their party’s ideological position. Members who were conservatives posted more to posts focused on their party’s position in relation to foreign policy, and they were less likely to address local issues in relation to their party’s position.
When it comes to whether or not limiting the spread of the coronavirus comes into play if cellphones are being tracked, many Americans say they don’t think it would make a difference. About six-in-ten adults (60%) say location tracking through cellphones during the outbreak would make no more than a little difference, while 22% think it would help a little. A just-completed April survey found that while a majority (67%) say phone tracking would help people cope with the outbreak, only 16% say it would make a “help a lot” difference and 22% say it would make a “little” difference.
Turkish favor for President Erdogan has been consistent since the center first surveyed Turkey in April 2012. Erdogan’s favorability has been on the rise in recent years, but Turkish publics had not held this positive view of the Turkish president until this year.
Internet users have increased dramatically since the mid-2000s, and now 85% of Americans ages 18 and older are online. Internet users have also surpassed all Americans at least 3-to-1.
Romney’s support has slipped somewhat in recent weeks; Huckebean’s support has risen somewhat. McCain’s support has remained stable. Tompkins has slipped into fourth place; Giuliani has climbed into fifth place; and Huckleberry has remained in sixth place.
As the 2016 campaign begins, voters are prioritizing issue positions over the ability of candidates to win. Fully 67% of voters say it is more important to pick a candidate who comes closest to their own issue positions, and just 65% say it is more important to have the best chance of defeating the other party. A slightly smaller share (27%) say it is more important to select a candidate who has the best chance of defeating the other party.
This past week, Americans followed the continuing drama over the nation’s struggling financial system more closely than any other major story. News of the financial crisis accounted for 18% of the newshole measured by PEJ, more than any other story. Headlines last week also marked the sixth consecutive week that news coverage was dominated by this story.
The survey finds that Indians in the U.S. are divided on the severity of discrimination against Indians living in the U.S: 48% say it is a minor problem, while 38% say it is not a problem and just 10% say it is a major problem.
Many in the Asia-Pacific region also see the growing size and strength of China as a threat to their country. In 2017, when Pew Research Center asked whether China’s growing military power was a good or bad thing, more than three-quarters in 11 Asian-Pacific nations said it was a bad thing, including 95% in South Korea, 90% in Japan and 78% in Australia. In the Philippines, just 26% said China’s growing military power was a good thing.
Online giving has increased dramatically since the beginning of the year. In the first quarter of 2005, the amount of money raised online was $26 million, compared with $11 million in the first quarter of 2004. In addition, the number of people who have given online has increased from 1 million in the first quarter of 2004 to 2.6 million in the first quarter of 2005.
During Obama’s time in office, Americans prioritized the environment. When Obama was first elected in 2008, 59% said it should be a top priority for the president and Congress to protect the environment. While Obama was in office, Americans were more likely to say “protecting the environment” (81%) should be a top priority than said “global warming” (52%). As of 2020, roughly two-thirds of Americans (62%) say it should be a top priority for the president and Congress to protect the environment.
Views about “global warming” have also increased among Republicans, but less so among Democrats. Republicans and Republican leaners are less likely than Democrats and leaners to say “global warming” should be a top priority for the president and Congress (37% vs. 52%).
Some 4.7 million U.S. adults are bilingual, and Spanish is the most commonly spoken non-English language in the United States. The Spanish-speaking population is growing rapidly, and Hispanics are becoming a major part of the American population. Today, Hispanics make up 15% of the total population and are projected to make up 28% by 2050.
But despite the growing size of the Hispanic population, a recent Pew Research Center survey of Hispanic adults found that only around a quarter of parents who speak Spanish to their children do so. And a new Pew Research Center report finds that the Spanish-speaking population has been on a decline for the first time in more than a decade.
In India, for example, 68% of people say having an increasing number of people of different races and ethnic groups makes their country a better place to live while just three percent say it does worse. Similarly, just 54% of people in the Philippines, about six-in-ten (61%) say having an increasing number of people of different ethnic groups makes their country a better place; 12% hold the negative view that it makes places worse.
In India and the Philippines, 54% of people think that having an increasing number of people of different ethnic groups makes places worse and 49% and 69% respectively say that having an increasing number of people of different races and groups makes places better.
In India, 42% believe that having divisions due to race and ethnicity makes places better, while just 39% say that having divisions due to race and ethnicity makes places worse. In India, 30% of Muslims believe that having an increasing number of people of different races and ethnic groups makes places better, while just 10% of Muslims think that having an increasing number of people of different races and ethnic groups makes places worse.
In India, 3
Non-U.S. adults who served as executives or corporate leaders between 2013 and 2018 were asked about their assessments of the leadership of women in top executive positions, and they tended to see them as better than the average corporate leader.
The survey asked executives about four leadership behaviors, and most saw women executives as better than the average on three of them.dbury_womenlead2019_survey_nurses_10_18_19_1018_survey_womenlead_survey_nurses_10_18_19_survey_womenlead_survey_nurses_10_18_19_survey_womenlead_survey_nurses_10_18_19_survey_womenlead_survey_nurses_10_18_19_survey_womenlead_survey_nurses_10_18_19_survey_womenlead_survey_nurses_10_18_19_survey_womenlead_survey_nurses_10_18_19_survey_womenlead_survey_nurses_1
Overall, Americans are opposed to gay marriage, including a majority of New Englanders (71%), Delawareans (73%), and Georgians (74%). Belovsians, on the other hand, are more likely to favor gay marriage than to oppose it, especially in the Great Lakes region.
Americans have a positive view of China’s economic growth, but they have doubts about China’s leadership. In a spring 2018 Pew Research Center survey, around seven-in-ten Americans endorsed the Chinese Communist Party (or its affiliate) as the country’s leading political movement, and 88% said “it’s better” to think China is the world’s leading power if China is no longer a Western country and is no longer a Western-style democracy.
Among the states that have conducted non-traditional voting methods in recent years, Oregon has the highest rate of all, at 100%. Washington has second-highest rates at 99%, Colorado third at 82%, and Nevada fourth at 70%. Texas is fifth at 66%, followed by North Carolina at 61%, Montana at 59%, and New Mexico at 59%.
Women have made gains in the newsroom, but they have not reached the top management positions. In 2012, women accounted for 36.3% of all newsroom jobs, compared with just 9.4% in 1998, according to the American Society of News Editors. But women accounted for only 12.4% of the super-supervisor positions in 2012, compared with 9.4% in 1998.
Americans’ views of the overall effects of the federal tax laws are more negative than positive. About a third of Americans (35%) say the laws’ effects on the country’s economy will be mostly negative, while 22% say they will be mostly positive.
Since the start of the recession, public opinion about economic news has been split closely. Currently, the public continues to say they are hearing a mixed message about the economy (32% said bad news, 56% said good news). Only 29% say they are hearing mostly bad news while 59% say they are hearing mostly good news.
The public’s interest in news about Iraq has fallen off significantly since the war began in March 2003. Just 34% say they are following the situation in Iraq very closely today, compared with 47% in January 2003. This decline in public interest to the Iraq war has been accompanied by a decline in overall interest in the news overall. Fully 65% of the public followed news about Iraq very closely last January, compared with 54% who say they did so today.
Democrats and Republicans use social media to discuss sexual misconduct, but female members of Congress are more likely to post about the issue than their male counterparts.
Women lawmakers are more likely than men to mention sexual misconduct in their Facebook posts. Fully 76% of female members of Congress posted at least one time about sexual misconduct, compared with 61% of male members. And among female lawmakers, 61% have posted at least one time about sexual misconduct, compared with 46% of male lawmakers.
Still, the EU is not perfect. Europe remains divided along ideological lines, and its economic integration has not always been popular. Europeans have long voiced concerns about the possibility of economic stagnation in the region. Our 2015 spring survey found that just 12% of Europeans saw the economy in favorable terms, while 41% said it was bad. As recently as 2013, majorities in all six EU member states (with the possible exception of France) voiced confidence that EU economic integration had strengthened the region’s economy.
The ad market has been hit hard by the recession, and ad revenue has declined by more than 10% in the past year. The ad market is the second largest media sector after television, and it is the largest source of revenue for most of the major television networks. The ad market is expected to recover from the recession, but it will not recover to pre-recession levels until the ad industry recovers from the recession.
The number of refugees resettling in the U.S. has increased in recent years, but the South has become more prevalent than the Midwest and West. In 2017, 8,000 refugees resettled in the South, compared with 15,000 in the Midwest and 10,000 in the Northeast. In 2002, 150 refugees resettled in the South, compared with 500 in the Midwest and 100 in the Northeast.
During the first two years of the Obama administration, Republicans gave the GOP a slightly more favorable image of itself than Democrats. Earlier this month, Republicans gave the party a 27% positive rating among independents a 4% partisan gap created by the unaffiliable partisan Heywood.
Since April 2015, however, Republicans have become more unfavorable to the GOP than Democrats. Republicans give the GOP a 37% unfavorable rating among Independents and 13% on a separate independent ballot asking Democrats. Republicans give the Democratic Party a 38% unfavorable rating vs. 12% on the positive. Independents’ views of the Democratic Party have been more positive since 2013, but have declined since April 2015.
And, in a recent Pew Research Center survey, only 26% have confidence in then President-elect Barack Obama to do the right thing on economic issues. That marks a sharp decline from 69% who had confidence in Obama three months into his presidency in April 2009.
Internet users in the African-American and Hispanic populations are also more likely than non-whites to visit video-sharing sites. This is not surprising given the fact that African-Americans are more likely than whites to go online overall and Hispanics are more likely than non-whites to use video sharing sites.
Facebook remains the most widely used online platform in the United States by a wide margin: Seven-in-ten U.S. adults say they go online at least somewhat frequently, compared with 69% who say the same of YouTube, 24% of whom go online at least some, and 28% of Pinterest, according to a February 2019 Pew Research Center survey. LinkedIn trails Pinterest and YouTube somewhat.
Here’s a look at the countries with the biggest gender pay gaps in 2012. (Click on the countries you’d like to see in a row of top-ten lists.)
The highest-paying countries are the United States, Switzerland, Canada, Australia and Britain. But the largest gender pay gap is in the United States — women earn just 72 cents for every dollar men make.
As Sonia Sotomayor leaves the Supreme Court to retire, Americans express more concern about the future of the judicial system than they did when she was on the bench.
Nearly two-thirds (67%) of Americans say the Supreme Court deciding a case in court without Justices Anthony Kennedy or Ruth Bader Ginsburg serving as its leader is very or somewhat important to them. In April 2010, before Kennedy’s death, 40% said this.
Similar percentages expressed court choice as very or somewhat important immediately following Sotomayor’s retirement in 2009. But by February 2016, about a quarter (24%) said this was the case.
The Supreme Court’s current nine justices all were confirmed by Democratic President Barack Obama. Yet fewмеется a deep familiarity with the justices, much less their sex. In two polls conducted this year, Pew Research Center has found that just one-third of Americans could identify Justices Elena Kennedy, Sonia Sotomayor and Clarence Roe­d­ger as female justices. However, the justices are well known to Americans who followed the justices’ nomination and confirmation process. Among the nine justices who were confirmed by Obama in July 2012, the most recent time the Court was in session, the most well-known is Ruth Bader Ginsburg (34% said she was), followed by Sonia Sotomayor (20%) and Clarence Roe­d­ger (12%).
As the number of unaccompanied children in U.S. custody has increased, so too have apprehensions of unaccompanied minors and their families. From fiscal year 2014 to 2016, apprehensions of unaccompanied minors increased by 28%, from 20,979 to 28,779. Apprehensions of unaccompanied families increased by 32%, from 32,117 to 42,117. By comparison, apprehensions of children and their families increased by only 10%, from 13,813 to 15,605.
Republicans who have high levels of political knowledge are also more likely than Democrats to say they have heard anything about QAnon (59% vs. 25% ). Republicans who have high levels of political knowledge are also more likely than Democrats to think the FBI and CIA are working together to promote conspiracy theories about the election (60% vs. 25%). And Republicans who have high levels of political knowledge are more likely than Democrats to think foreign governments are working together to promote conspiracy theories about the coronavirus (43% vs. 24%).
Moreover, many developed nations do not seem to have learned from the lessons of the food crisis. The correlation between income and hunger is much stronger in the United States than in advanced economies. The U.S. per capita GDP is roughly equivalent to that in advanced economies, but hunger there is higher than in many developing nations.
The correlation between per capita GDP and hunger is stronger in many developing nations than in the U.S. In 2012, hunger rates in the U.S. were 14% higher than in the 20 advanced economies tracked by the World Economic Forum. Hunger rates in Indonesia were 18% higher than in the U.S. in 2012. Hunger rates in Indonesia are roughly equivalent to those in India, the Philippines and Vietnam. Hunger rates in India were 15% higher than in the U.S. in 2012. Hunger rates in India were roughly equivalent to those in Bangladesh and Pakistan. Hunger rates in Bangladesh were roughly equivalent to those in Canada and Australia. Hunger rates in Canada were roughly equivalent to those in Australia. Hunger rates in Canada were 15% higher than in the U.S. in 2012.
Even those “celebrate” Christmas and see it as a religious holiday are more inclined to say it is more religious than cultural. Roughly six-in-ten Millennials (63%) say so, compared with 43% among those in Silent generation and just 53% among Baby Boomers.
As Brazil’s economy rebounds, however, people around the world are paying attention. A 2014 Pew Research Center survey found that 53% of the public in Brazil holds a favorable view of the country — matching the overall positivity rate in Latin America as a whole. But compared with other Latin American countries, Brazil’s positive ratings are particularly high. Whole-of-the-world averages indicate that favorable views of Brazil are up 10 points since 2011, when the percentage of people calling Brazil their home a good thing reached 59%.
Here are some key demographics about the residents of the reservation, which is home to the Iowa tribe. (The reservation is home to 1,200 Iowa Sioux, 1,600 Sac and 1,000 Sac Fox people.)
The median resident of the Standing Rock Sioux Reservation is 39, or about the same as the median resident of the U.S. as a whole. In addition, the reservation’s residents have a lower median income than the median income of the entire nation. Standing Rock residents have a median annual income of $37,000, while the median income for all Americans is $47,000.
Several countries outside the United States have long held favorable views of their American brethren. The Chinese have long held positive views of America. In the Middle East, Israel and the Gulf states have long held favorable views of the U.S.
In 2013, Pew Research Center conducted a survey of Americans’ attitudes toward 14 countries in the Middle East, Europe, Asia, Africa and Latin America. The survey found that Canadians were viewed most positively, with 92% expressing favorable sentiment toward the U.S. Canadians also overwhelmingly expressed favorable views toward the U.S. in 2011.
The Chinese gave the U.S. a favorable rating in 2013, though they voiced concern about the U.S. military in China. Roughly six-in-ten Chinese (61%) voiced a favorable opinion of the U.S. in 2013, though favorable sentiment declined by 10 percentage points since 2011.
Japanese received favorable ratings for the U.S. in 2013, though Japanese sentiment has remained relatively stable since 2011. Germans received favorable ratings for the U.S. in 201
Pew Research Center surveys of Christians in nine European countries. While majorities in all nine countries identify as Christians, significant shares also consider themselves first by some measure. For example, majorities in Germany, Spain, Britain and France think of themselves first as either Christian or a member of the U.S. church.
The debate over gun control, which roused intense public attention, came in at an opportune time: 37% followed the debate more closely than any other news item.
Beyond gun control, U.S. budget deficits – a topic that has divided Republicans and Democrats since the 1990s – came in at 30% most closely and immigration news came in at 23%. A third also followed the debate over immigration policy between a same-sex couple and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.
The Ukrainian public is evenly divided over the impact Russia has on its relationship with Ukraine. Roughly half (46%) say Russia has a good (32%) or has a bad (12%) influence on Ukraine; just as 25% believe it has neither good nor bad effects.
On average, about two-in-ten U.S. households have at least one smartphone, and a median of 84% own at least one cellphone. Virtually all households have at least one desktop or laptop computer, and about eight-in-ten Americans (79%) own at least one. Fewer than one-in-ten households (14%) have streaming media devices, and only around one-in-5 (18%) own a tablet computer. Fewer than five-in-ten households have any of these devices, including a handheld device, at least.
The long-term voters in the U.S. continue to be those who have been in the country longer. Today, 62% of long-term voters are on permanent residence (PR) status, compared with only 54% of new voters.
Auto thefts accounted for 1.5 million crimes in 2015, according to the FBI. But they accounted for more than seven-in-ten violent crimes (68.9%) and burglaries (68.8%). Property crimes accounted for 15.2 million crimes, but they accounted for just 2.9% of violent crimes and 12.9% of burglaries.
The FBI data also show that violent crimes were more likely to be reported to police than property crimes. Violent crimes were reported by 111.5 million crimes in 2015 (65%), compared with 111.5 million property crimes (2.9%). The difference is especially stark for rape/sexual assault, which accounted for 7.8 million crimes (78%) and was reported to police by fewer than one-in-ten victims (32.5%).
Foreign-born Latinos are the most likely to say they give an “A” to public schools in their communities. Some 33% of foreign-born Latinos say they give an “A” to public schools in their communities. By comparison, 16% of native-born Latinos and 19% of blacks say this about their communities.
Climate change is also a top concern in the U.S. In a Pew Research Center survey conducted in March and May of this year, 54% of Americans said they were worried about global climate change. That included 17% very worried and 37% somewhat worried.
The pattern is similar when it comes to the types of voting that sprinters take. Specifically, sprinters are more ideological extremes in their voting than straight ticket Democrats and Republicans.
Sprinters are more conservative in their voting than consistent conservatives, roughly four-to-one (87%-4%) in the sprinters’ favor. Consistent conservatives generally have a more liberal voting record, roughly half as much conservative (80%-4%) more likely than sprinters to cast this vote.
Among liberal voters, sprinters are roughly twice as likely as mostly liberal voters to vote for the sprinters (61%-7%) or vote for the Democratic sprinters (34%-9%).
In addition to falling from the top spot in the World Bank’s Global Ranking of Economic Trends, Russia also struggles with serious economic challenges. Overall, a majority of Russians see these issues as very or somewhat important to the country’s future. Roughly seven-in-ten say rising prices (69%), corrupt political leaders (59%), and the gap between the poor and the rich (57%) are issues facing Russia. In addition, majorities also see the lack of employment opportunities (57%), terrorism (53%), and corrupt business people (44%). Smaller shares say crime (39%), immigration (26%), and conflicts between ethnic groups and nations (20%) are issues facing Russia.
Democrats and Republicans share the view that voters generally disagree over basic facts about politics and the country. And while there is some ideological variation, the public is divided not on the question of basic fact disagreement, but on the question of voters failing to agree over basic facts.
Fully 76% say that when it comes to important issues facing the country, most Americans disagree with one another over basic facts. And 23% say most Americans sometimes disagree over basic facts.
Republicans and Democrats hold the same view: 86% of Republicans and Republican leaners and 81% of Democrats and Democratic leaners say disagreement over basic facts is only infrequently encountered when it comes to important issues facing the country.
Americans sympathize with Israel today more than at any point in the past four decades.
After a four-decade partisan divide in views of Israel and the Palestinians, this survey finds that a record four-in-ten U.S. adults (79%) say they identify with the Palestinians in the dispute between Israel and the Arab nation. That is a shift from 1978 when just 15% of Americans expressed support for the Palestinians in the Middle East. Republicans are more likely to sympathize with Israel (49%) than the Palestinians (48%), while Democrats (79%) show more sympathy for the Palestinians.
The public showed more interest in the economy last week than in any other top story. Roughly four-in-ten (44%) followed economic news very closely, and 30% followed it closely. Aside from the economy, the next most closely followed story was the 2008 presidential campaign (30%); 27% followed the presidential campaign very closely.
The public continued to follow the situation in Iraq very closely: 11% followed this story very closely and 11% mentioned it as their most closely followed story. Interest in the Iraq war has been relatively stable over the past year.
The Beijing Olympics received less attention than the presidential campaign, but nonetheless, 13% followed news about the Olympics very closely and 7% mention this story as their most closely followed.
Only seven% of Americans followed news about the death of Steve Jobs very closely last week. Jobs, who died on October 12, was a prominent figure in the technology world.
The media devoted a relatively small share of its coverage to Edwards and Obama in the opening days of the Democratic campaign. While Obama was the most prominent candidate in the opening days of the campaign, the media devoted relatively little attention to him. Of the 127 campaign stories covered by the news media on the opening day of the campaign, Obama was cited on 26 stories (21%), placing him at the sixth spot on the list of most cited candidates. But the media devoted a total of 85 coverage hours to Obama, or roughly 1% of the 100 hours of coverage devoted to all candidates on June 2.
The main newsmaker for the first three days of the campaign was Bill Clinton, the former president and then Democratic candidate for the 2004 presidential nomination. Clinton was cited on 37 stories, or 2% of the 180 stories covered by the media.
Overall, 55% disapprove of the way Trump has explained his future plans; just 39% approve. Republicans generally disapprove of the job Trump has done explaining his plans, but attitudes among Republicans vary by shenanographical affiliation. Roughly eight-in-ten Republican leaners (83%) disapprove of Trump’s explanation of his future plans, compared with just 13% who approve of it. Independents and Democrats are more divided (45% disapproves, 39% approve) – and lean Republican leaners are more divided than Democrats on this measure.
The public is as likely to hear about some of the recent controversies as about other issues. Some 37% say they heard at least a little last week about the suicide of Rutgers student Anthony Borges, who had been secretly videotaped before his death. Roughly as many (30%) say they heard at least a little about the immigration status of Chelsea Whitman, the housemaid who had been the subject of a campaign by the Tea Party movement to have her status changed from legal to illegal. Roughly four-in-ten say they heard at least a little about the recall of a Fisher Price toy company that had recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled recalled
People with at least a basic political knowledge who consistently express right-of-center political values rate the highest Efeclaration of Authenticity and Responsibility. They answer the questions with a mean of 87 out of 100. By contrast, those who are consistently liberal or mostly liberal score a mean of 61 out of 100. The most conservative and least conservative consistent- ly worded political independents give mean of 60 out of 100.
Partisan differences are particularly stark when it comes to the kinds of locations where consistent true conservatives live. By more than two-to-one, conservatives are more likely than less consistently conservative independents to live in rural America, small towns and cities. Independents who express mostly conservative or consistently conservative sentiments are more likely to live in sub-urban areas and cities. The most liberal consistently conservative independents live in cities, similar to the consistent conservatives.
According to Black Voices for Electoral Security (B.V.F.S.), a project of the Center for American Political Research (CAPR), Millennials are the first generation of American voters approaching the Boomer generation in terms of both numbers and political interest. Currently, 70 million Millennials are eligible to vote, or 15% of the total eligible voters in 2016. Millennials are more politically engaged than older generations, too. According to CAPR’s Black Voices for Electoral Security Black Voters 2016 Black Voters Guidebook, “Black Millennials are more likely to be politically active and to be more engaged in politics than Black Generation X or Baby Boomers.”
Most Mexicans live in Mexico City, and most Mexicans abroad live in Mexico State. And in Mexico, a relatively high share of Americans have relatives living elsewhere. Nevertheless, there has been a significant decline in the percentage of Mexicans who keep in touch with relatives in the U.S. from 2002 to 2015. In 2002, 70% of Mexicans kept in touch with relatives in the U.S. regularly, compared with 43% who kept in touch regularly in 2015.
This view is particularly common among younger blacks. Among blacks younger than 40, about three-quarters (75%) say that “blacks who don’t mean to.” Seventy-eight-year-old Clarence Clemons’ hit song “Pomp and Circumstance” is a well-known example of a “get ahead” song.
Younger blacks also differ on whether blacks who cannot get ahead are “able to get ahead these days.” About half (51%) of 50-to-59 year olds say this is the case, while 40% of 60-and-up respondents agree.
Here are some of the key findings from the Pew Research Center’s 2013 Global Attitudes survey of more than 20 nations in the Middle East, Africa, Europe and South Asia. (The survey was conducted in four languages, Arabic, Hebrew, English and Spanish, and was administered in both English and Arabic versions.)
Overall, Arabs, Muslims in the Middle East and Turks are among the least likely to express a positive view of Russia. Faito, Afghanistan and Pakistan are the only countries in the region where roughly half or more express a positive view of Russia. Balikatan, or Muslims in Balikatan and Indonesia overwhelmingly express a negative view of Russia.
A new Pew Research Center analysis of Census Bureau data finds that voter turnout rates among blacks have been increasing steadily since 1988. In 1988, 44% of blacks voted in the presidential election. By 2008, 66% of blacks voted. By 2012, 66% of blacks again voted in the presidential election.
Voter turnout rates for Asians have been increasing steadily since 1988, as well. In 1988, 47% of Asians voted in the presidential election. By 2008, 47% of Asians voted in the presidential election. By 2012, 62% of Asians voted in the presidential election.
As Congress gears up for its next legislative session, we looked at the pace of congressional activity over the past 10 years to see how much more or less they ve been getting done. We found that the 112th Congress has been more productive than its predecessor in many ways, but not all.
A record number of recent immigrants to the United States have a college degree. Among Hispanic immigrants, 26% who arrived in the 2010s have a bachelor’s degree or more, up from 9% in 2000, according to Pew Research Center analysis of the Pew Research Center’s Annual Social Survey of Latino. About half of recent Hispanic immigrants ages 25 and older have a college degree.
As people increasingly use online dating and dating apps, some users experience frustrations with these platforms while others see benefits. Asked about their experiences with online dating or dating apps, most current or recent users ages 18 and older (45%) toasters their frustrations. This includes roughly a third (35%) of these users who have used online dating or dating apps in the past year, and roughly half (53%) of these users who have used these platforms at some point in the past. But among users who have not yet used these platforms, 27% say it made them feel neither frustrated nor hopeful.
In addition to the 223,000 initial applications for the Deferred Action for Childhood Arrivals program, USCIS has received thousands of additional applications from applicants who have already been granted temporary protected status under the program. As of March 2015, more than 100,000 initial applications have been approved.
There are some differences in how many Americans say their state government is influencing science in coronavirus policies between Democrats and Democrats-leaning independents and Republicans and Republican-leaning independents. For example, Americans who strongly disagree or strongly disagree with Trump are far more likely than those who do not agree with him, or who do not cast a vote in the 2020 election, to say their state government’s enforcement of stay-at-home orders are influencing science in coronavirus policies, according to a March 2020 Pew Research Center survey.
Americans who strongly agree or lean toward agreeing with their state’s stay-at-home order policies are less likely than those who do not agree with their state’s policies to say their state government’s enforcement of stay-at-home orders is influencing science in coronavirus policies.
Few Europeans see eye to eye with right-wing populist parties in any country. But those parties are rising in favor in several European countries, and the public’s views of their views are changing.
A Pew Research Center survey conducted in 14 advanced economies in early 2020 finds that in seven European countries, favorable views of populist parties are up more than 20 percentage points since the coronavirus outbreak began. And in two countries, favorable opinion of populist parties has fallen more than 20 points.
Seven European nations surveyed – including Germany, Sweden, France, the Netherlands, Spain and Belgium – have seen significant increases in the share of people who say they see more disagreement in their country since the outbreak began. The biggest increase is in Germany, where favorable opinion of right-wing populist parties has jumped from 70% to 75%. In Sweden, favorable opinion of Sweden Democrats has increased from 30% to 37%. In France, favorable opinion of National Rally has jumped from 46% to 51%.
The unemployment rate in Eastern Germany remained higher than in the Western states throughout the 1990s, even as the overall economy improved. The Eastern and Western German labor forces were similarly employed during the first half of the 1990s, but Eastern Germans were still more likely to had been laid off during the economic downturn, while Western Germans were less likely to have lost their jobs. Eastern Germans were also less likely to have taken advantage of unemployment benefits, again with the Eastern Germans relying more on the labor market.
The stimulus bill approved by Congress the week of Feb. 3-7 was the most heavily covered story of the week with 44% of air and 28% of cable TV coverage. The crash in upstate Buffalo, which resulted in the deaths of five people and seriously injured the pilot, was second most covered story this week with 19% of cable news air time and 5% of cable news coverage. The story received extensive coverage on radio as well, with 10% of cable news air time and 10% of air and satellite coverage devoted to the story.
More than three-in-ten Americans (33%) say they follow news about the debate over how to avoid a government shutdown very closely, and roughly three-in-ten cite David Cameron’s negotiations with the UK over Britain’s budget deficit and debt servicing (30%).

Yet, public interest in the investigation into the possible ties between Iran and the Islamic Revolutionary Guard (IRGC) and the subsequent assassination of U.S. diplomatic cables in Tehran ranks below news about the debate over how to avoid a shutdown. A 28%-anomedic survey conducted last month by Pew Research Center and the Project for Excellence on Race found that more than twice as many Americans say they are following news about Cameron’s negotiations with the UK about how to deal with the debt and debt servicing compared with the Iran-related investigation and assassination of the cables.
Interest in the Iran-related investigation and assassination of the cables tracks interest in Petraeus’ resignation. Nearly three-in-ten Americans (22%) say they are following Petraeus’ resignation very closely, more closely than interest in the Iran-related investigation and Petraeus’ resignation is not being followed very closely by more than a quarter (27%).
In many countries, landline phones are being replaced by mobile phones. In Nigeria, for example, 89% of adults say they own a landline phone, a number that falls to 18% among cell phone owners. In Ghana, 83% of adults own a landline phone, and 18% own a cell phone. Bangladesh and Uganda are also examples of countries where cell phones outnumber landlines.
Currently, 64% of the public said they had a positive impression of the Supreme Court, according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted July 10-11 among 1,504 adults. About seven-in-ten (72%) gave the court favorable ratings after the Obama nomination and 60% said they gave the Roberts court a favorable rating after the Obamacare decision. Views of the Senate nominee for the Supreme Court went less well: Just 45% said they had a positive impression.
The public is divided over whether to build a border wall along the entire length of the Mexico-Estados Unidos border. About as many Americans (43%) say they favor a wall that would include building a wall along the entire border line between Mexico and the United States; 15% are opposed to building the wall.
Republicans (63%) are far more likely than Democrats (Just 14%) to say they favor building a wall along the entire border by Mexico. Whites (48%) are more likely than blacks (20%) and Hispanics (76%) to say they favor a wall.
Since 2015, Japanese pessimism about the state of the Asia-Pacific region has risen. Roughly three-quarters of Japanese (74%) believe U.S. security commitments to the region are inadequate, up from 56% who said this same thing in 2014. Perceptions of the state of Japanese-U.S. relations have also soured. Roughly six-in-ten Japanese now say Chinese influence in Japan is having a negative impact on their country. Fewer than half Japanese (47%) believe China is a major threat to Japan. And fewer than half (43%) believe Japan should play a more active role in the Asia-Pacific region to help its neighbors.
Republicans are more likely than Democrats to see news organizations favoring one side over another when presenting the news on social and political issues. About nine-in-ten Republicans (91%) say these organizations favor one side when presenting the news on political and social issues, with 11% saying they favor a mostly fair view and 7% saying they favor mostly Republicans. Democrats, by contrast, are divided: 69% say a mostly fair view, while 28% say a mostly Republicans-oriented view.
California, Texas and New York are the top states for refugees resettled in fiscal year 2016, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. State Department data. In fiscal year 2016, 7,909 refugees resettled in the 50 states and the District of Columbia, up from 7,803 refugees who resettled in 2015.
The states with the second highest number of refugees resettled in fiscal 2016 were Texas (7,803), followed by New York (5,026) and Michigan (4,258).
A roughly one-in-five U.S. veterans of conflicts in the 1990s will be serving after the end of their current duty. The largest group falls in the category of “other” peacetime veterans who served in the Gulf Wars. These veterans, who served in the Persian Gulf War (1991), the Gulf War (1991-1998) and the Iraq War (2003-2008), will be in their 50s and expected to be in good health by 2045.
VisualStudio may overshadow the scandal, but the public is keeping a close watch on the investigation into the alleged drug trafficking and money laundering activities of Massachusetts drug dealer Edward Salimian. Fewer than half of Americans (46%) say learning about the allegations against Salimian, which have been widely reported since they were filed in July, was very important to them. Still, 37% say it is somewhat important to them.
The FBI has not yet formally charged Salimian with a federal crime, but it is investigating his alleged role in a drug trafficking network. The public is generally aware of the FBI’s role in the case. When asked about the federal government’s role in the Salimian case, fewer than one-in-three (35%) say it is very important to them; 47% say it is somewhat important. Pa decathlon
Foreign investors are not just a source of capital and jobs for Nigerians; they also play a major role in the nation’s oil and gas sector. Nigerians’ negative sentiments toward foreign companies in the oil and gas sector are widespread and persistent. Majorities or pluralities say foreign companies in the oil and gas industry describe them as “well” or “poor” descriptions that describe Nigerians as being “unsafe,” “ruining the environment,” “not contributing to the country’s economic growth” and “not paying their share of taxes.” Nigerians also overwhelmingly say foreign companies do not contribute to the country’s economy.
While the German public shares some common criticisms of the country’s current political system – a desire for more democracy and a lack of confidence in the current government – there are also differences of opinion among Germans on a range of issues. Germans also differ on the broader question of whether the country will remain a center of gravity for Europe. While roughly eight-in-ten Germans believe Germany will remain a key economic and trading partner with the United States, a similar share (59%) shares a skeptical view on the future of the European Union.
The Germans in the pre-1990 former East are also significantly more optimistic than their colleagues in the current German population about the financial prospects of the next generation. Roughly four-in-ten (42%) believe children today will be financially better off than their parents, whereas an overwhelming majority in the current German population (87%) think they will be worse off.
The median incomes of Americans and Japanese have been growing at roughly the same rate since the 1970s, but the top earners in America have been benefiting from a longer period of prosperity.
Taken together, the unemployment rate and labor underutilization rate both rose to 6.8% and 4.8%, respectively, in January. The unemployment rate reached 7.5% in February, while the underutilization rate reached 5.8% in February.
Much of the Hispanic population in the U.S. is second-generation immigrants, and many U.S. Hispanics believe that U.S. society is much more open to people of color than is their own home country. When Hispanics were asked in 2016 how much their children would better fit into their own standard of living, 13% said “much,” while 11% said “somewhat much.” Compared to the broader U.S. population, second-generation Hispanics are more likely than most Americans to think their children will have a better life than their parents.
According to Pew Research Center surveys conducted last fall, the public ranks key domestic issues high on the priority list. About seven-in-ten U.S. adults (76%) say reducing the threat of terrorism should be a top priority for Trump and Congress in 2017.
Republicans rate college professors more coldly; independent voters are less likely to rate them warmly. However, partisan divisions are less pronounced on the “warmth” card than on the “coldness” card. Americans rate professors more warmly than college professors rate teachers more warmly; overall, 55% of Americans say they give professors a warm or cold rating, while 39% give them a neutral rating or say they rate them warm.
Americans also give college professors warm or cold ratings, but partisan divisions are wider on the “coldness” than the “warmth” question. About a third of Americans (35%) give professors a very warm or somewhat warm rating, while 21% give them a cold or somewhat cold rating. Republicans rate professors this way at a slightly higher rate (45% very warm, 27% cold) than Democrats (39% very warm, 52% cold). Overall, Republicans rate professors this way at a slightly higher rate than Democrats (45% very warm, 27% cold)
Democrats have more favorable views toward NATO than Republicans do, but support for the alliance is more widespread than may seem. Americans support remaining in NATO and joining the alliance if it is more secure and if it costs less than joining NATO again. Democrats are more supportive of staying in the alliance than Republicans are. Americans overall say that staying in the alliance is more affordable (82% say it is by joining again) than joining again (78% say it is).
Democrats have more favorable opinions of NATO than Republicans do. Democrats have more favorable opinions of NATO than Republicans do. Two-thirds of Americans (65%) support staying in the alliance if it costs less than joining again, and 46% favor doing so if it is more secure. Democrats are more divided: 44% say it costs less to stay in the alliance if it is more secure, while 49% say it costs more. Republicans are more supportive of leaving the alliance if it costs more money (51% say this), but less so if it is more secure (46%).
kemerks upvoted the military effort pessimistically assessing it. The public is divided over whether the military effort in Iraq is going very well or not. Primrose Tories have long championed the military effort in Iraq, but now they are more divided than at any time in the past year. Support for the military effort has fallen from 70% in May to 60% in August and is now just 49%.
The American public has become more divided in their views of the possibility of using military force in Iraq. Nearly half (47%) say there is a good chance of using military force in Iraq in the next year, while 49% are unsure. The chance of using military force is now the same as it was in August, but support for this proposal has fallen from 70% in May to 49% in August.
Muslims in Indonesia and the Philippines are about as likely as Muslims in Pakistan and the Middle East to say they are first Muslim. The percentage of Indonesians who say they are first Muslim has shown modest improvement since 2005, but remains far below the percentage spoken of by Muslims in Pakistan and the Middle East. Fewer than one-in-five Indonesians (36%) say they are first Muslim.
Of all the issues measured in the poll, the public is most likely to say that they are following the government closely and describe it as doing a good job. But on the few occasions when the public does say they have heard something wrong, it tends to be about the drug trade. Mexican adults are also more likely to cite the Mexican government’s response to the drug trafficking problem as being wrong in general than they are to cite the government making progress against drug traffickers.
In the 2013 survey, Hispanics and Asians were asked to name one of two priorities for addressing the nation’s challenges. Specifically, Hispanics were asked to rank either “having unauthorized immigrants living in the U.S. legally without being able to work or face the threat of deportation” or “having unauthorized immigrants who are already here meet the requirements for citizenship.” Hispanics are significantly more likely than Asians to cite the former (55% to 35%).
For instance, a similar share of Facebook and Twitter users say “a lot” their news is related to politics as a “little” or “some” amount. Compared with Facebook, a larger share of Twitter users say “a lot” their news is related to politics on the platform; 43% of Twitter users say this versus 42% of Facebook users. Meanwhile, a larger share of Facebook users say “a lot” their news is related to politics on the platform versus “some” or “a little” among Twitter users.
The April 2014 survey found the public split on the prospect of Israel and the Palestinian state coexisting peacefully. While 44% said Israel and the Palestinian state could coexist peacefully, just 9% said they thought they couldn’t, while 46% said it depended on how Israel and the Palestinian state coexisted.
The share of Americans who see an unfavorable view of both parties at 19%.
The public views both political parties unfavorably. Fear of voting in elections has increased this year as well. 44% of Americans say they have an unfavorable view of one party and a favorable view of the other.
Overall, voters ages 18 to 29 tended to favor the Democratic candidate in the 2012 presidential election, but the age gap was still relatively narrow; 14 percentage points out of 14. By comparison, those ages 65 and older tended to favor Republican candidates, a gap of 19 points out of 19.
About one-in-five voters this year say they have given a lot of thought to the presidential candidates. That’s comparable to the share who say they’ve given a lot of thought to the 2008 campaign (between 25% and 30%).
A new survey by the Pew Research Center’s National Survey of America Values (NSOV) finds that majorities of blacks (57%) and Hispanics (21%) say it is more important to protect gun rights than to protect the rights of minorities. In 1992, three-in-ten Americans (37%) said this was the case.
Support for gun rights among Hispanics has ticked up since 2007, but whites have shown no signs of improving their views of gun rights. In 2007, support for gun rights among whites peaked at 45%. In 2012, support among whites has fallen to 24%. Hispanic support for gun rights has remained relatively stable since 2007.
A new Pew Research Center survey finds that the public is more supportive of gun control than the vast majority of Americans were in 2012. Two issues that were so divisive in the 2008 presidential campaign now enjoy widespread public support. Public support for gun control and for protecting the right of Americans to own guns now rival the level of support for gun control seen in the Pew Research surveys conducted since 1993.
Public support for gun control has grown by 20 points since January of this year. Public support for protecting the right of Americans to own guns has grown by 18 points since January of this year. The Pew Research Center surveys conducted since 2008 have shown that the position on gun control has been more important than gun ownership for Americans since 2009. Today, 50% say the issue of gun control is more important than the right of Americans to own guns. In January of this year, just 42% said gun control was more important than the right to own guns.
Among Latino registered voters, there is a similar share of those who identify with or lean toward the Democratic Party (46%) and the Republican Party (35%). However, about three-in-ten Latino voters (33%) aren’t sure which party they identify with. This lack of clarity could have important consequences for Latino voters as they try to decide which party to support in the 2020 presidential election. According to a 2019 National Survey of Latinos survey, 86% of Latino registered voters identify themselves as Democrats or lean toward Democrats, but only nine percent know for certain the month of their state’s primary or caucus.
A new Pew Research Center survey conducted in January shows that 81% of self-identified Republicans and leaners have a favorable view of Pope Francis, up from 71% who expressed this opinion in January 2014. Democrats, by contrast, are more positively received than those who identify as Republicans: 77% have a favorable view of the pope, up from 74% who expressed this opinion in January 2014.
Trump leads Obama by roughly two-to-one on this question. About four-in-ten (44%) name Trump. Obama is name cited second 13% and very few people mention another president in the mix.
Clinton still tops the list of presidents during one term. About a third (33%) name her as the best president during the first decade of her Senate career. In 2011, 32% of Americans named Clinton as the best president during her time in the Senate.
Young people in the United States are pessimistically divided about the role of religion in government and the appropriate role of government in religion, according to a Pew Research Center survey. Americans under the age of 34 are more likely than those 35 and older to take a pessimistic view of religion in government. Younger people are also more likely than older people to take an optimistic view of the role of government in religion.
The public’s interest in campaign news has remained steady over the course of the year. Currently, about two-in-three U.S. adults (65%) say they are following news about the presidential campaign very closely; 12 percentage points of this group say they are following this news very closely.
This is the highest level of campaign news interest since 2008. To date, the height of interest in 2008 was in the first quarter of the year, which was followed by 60% saying they were following this news very closely.
More Hispanic eligible voters are registered voters. The number of Hispanic eligible voters has increased dramatically since 2000, and now exceeds the number of Hispanic registered voters.
One of the more controversial elements of the EU’s response to the Russian invasion of Ukraine is Article 5 of the North Atlantic Treaty, which entitles NATO members to use military force to defend a NATO ally if it gets into a serious military conflict with a neighboring country. Pew Research Center recently surveyed 16 NATO countries as part of a survey on Article 5, and attitudes toward Article 5 are mixed.
Majorities in all NATO countries surveyed are opposed to Article 5, save for Lithuania, where 34% of the public say they favor Article 5. In the U.S., around six-in-ten (59%) support Article 5, while 29% don’t. Poles are more divided, 56% favor Article 5, but 43% oppose it. Attitudes toward Article 5 vary widely across NATO countries, but they are generally more opposed than in the U.S.
Among NATO members, France is the only one where majorities favor Article 5. Poles and Germans are deadlocked: 56% oppose Article 5, while 43% favor it. Attitudes toward Article 5 are more divided in Greece, Italy and Bulgaria, where
Public awareness of the presidential campaign has been relatively high throughout the campaign thus far. As shown in the accompanying chart, awareness of campaign news has been consistently high throughout the campaign, with the exception of a brief period in mid-July when awareness of the candidates dropped off slightly. Nevertheless, the level of awareness of campaign news has been consistently higher than the level of visibility of campaign news.
The press devoted more coverage to Obama than McCain in the first half of the campaign, but McCain has dominated press coverage of the campaign in the second half of the campaign. McCain has also dominated public visibility of campaign news. McCain has consistently led Obama in visibility of campaign news since the campaign began, and Obama has consistently trailed McCain in visibility of campaign news since the campaign began.
A new Center survey finds that 62% of registered voters in the U.S. plan to vote in person on Election Day, and 39% prefer to vote virtually. But when it comes to how they would prefer to vote, six-in-ten Biden supporters (60%) say they prefer to vote in person, compared with 39% of voters who lean toward Vice President Mike Pence.
Among Democrats, 25% of voters identify as Black, 27% as Hispanic and 11% as Asian. Voting preferences vary by age, with younger voters preferring to vote virtually. Among voters ages 18 to 29, 16% prefer to vote virtually, compared with 6% who prefer to vote in person.
Among Biden supporters, those who are college graduates are more likely to prefer to vote in person (51% vs. 28%). Those with postgraduate degrees are more likely to prefer to vote virtually (17% vs. 5%).
Younger women who have used online dating sites or apps are especially likely to report having negative experiences on these platforms. encompamily, friends, or relatives.
The Pew Hispanic database also includes a comprehensive analysis of technology use among Latinos in the U.S. It shows that Latinos are more likely than non-Latinos to have access to broadband internet at home and to own cell phones.
Some countries have more in common when it comes to internet use and social networking. Regardless of whether internet users engage in social networking, many are using social networking sites such as Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn. In fact, internet users in countries like Egypt, Russia and Indonesia are significantly more likely than those in China to use social networking sites.
Internet users in China are significantly less likely than those in other countries to use social networking sites. Just 48% of Chinese internet users use social networking sites, compared with 62% of internet users in Egypt, 58% of internet users in Indonesia and 54% of Russians.
There also are differences in Americans’ beliefs by education. Americans with more years of college are less likely than their less-educated counterparts to believe in the spiritual aspects of religion and in active involvement in the lives of others. Two-thirds of college graduates (66%) say God, either as described in the Bible or in other ways, is present in their lives, for instance. By contrast, fewer than two-in-ten of Americans with at least a bachelor’s degree (25%) say this.
The poverty rate among Hispanic adults in the United States has declined for the first time in more than a decade, according to newly released Census Bureau data.
Wealth gaps between families are at their highest levels in nearly two decades. The median net worth of middle- and lower-income families is at its lowest level in 20 years, while the median net worth of the top income-earning families is at its highest level since 2007.
Support for allowing gay marriage and civil unions also has slipped somewhat over the last year. Currently, 32% favor allowing gay marriage, up from 29% in December 2003 and 30% in May 2003. Opinions about allowing civil unions also have slipped somewhat, from 48% to 49% over that period. Favorable views of gay marriage and allowing gay marriage in marriage unions have been less consistent over the past several years. However, the share of Americans who favor allowing gay marriage in marriage unions has increased by 10 percentage points since May 2003 to 46%.
Cerca de un tercio (37%) estadounidenses tienen una valoración negativa para el presidente y para el vicepresidente, cuando suponemos que cada uno puede elegir entre Barack Obama y George W. Bush.
image
A modest majority of Lebanese say refugees living in their country should be excluded from the country’s general population. However, there are notable differences across demographic groups and education levels. For instance, among those with more years of education, a majority (75%) say refugees should be allowed to live in their country.
Lebanon has a relatively low education level among its population. About one-in-five (22%) have completed secondary school, compared with higher shares in nations in the Middle East and North Africa (median of 54%) and sub-Saharan Africa (median of 58%). Education is associated with a greater likelihood of inclusion in the general population. For instance, among those with more years of education, those with a below-secondary education are less likely than those with more years of education to be included in the general population.
Hungarians have some of the most negative opinions of minority groups among EU countries surveyed. Among the 10 EU nations surveyed, only Hungary has a higher negative opinion of Muslims than does the EU median (72% unfavorable vs. 43% unfavorable). Roughly six-in-ten Hungarians (64%) also have an unfavorable view of Jews.
Hungarians also generally have more negative opinions of Roma than do other EU countries. Six-in-ten Hungarians say their country is worse than other EU countries in its treatment of Roma, while roughly half (51%) of Hungarians say their country is worse than the EU median on this issue.
Six-in-ten Americans say they receive excellent or good coverage of the campaign from the press. That is up 10 points since 2010.
Croatia is one of the least peaceful European countries. Fewer Luxembourgeois (46%) than Croatians (51%) say that the changes that have taken place since 1991 have improved, according to a recent Pew Research Center survey conducted by the Social Affairs Bureau of the Central African Republic Observatory for Statistics (GfSa).
Changes since 1991 have also had a positive impact on the average person in Poland, Germany and Lithuania. Poles (81%) and Germans (75%) say the changes that have taken place since 1991 have had a good influence on their standard of living. Poles (92%) are more positive than Germans (81%), but they are more positive than the average person in both countries. Germans (82%) are more positive than the average person in Poland (75%) and Germans (75%) say the changes that have taken place since 1991 have improved their standard of living.
Millennial Republicans express less critical views on government than Gen X or Baby Boomers drawing these comparisons. About six-in-ten Millennial Republicans (64%) say the government is almost always wasteful and inefficient, compared with seven-in-ten or more of their elders (73% or higher) saying so. On the other hand, 59% of Millennial Republicans are skeptic about the federal government on issues of social security and other public programs, similar to the views of Baby Boomers (68%) and even older Gen Xers (73%).
Even among people expressing an unfavorable view of ISIS, majorities in most countries express support in some cases for the Islamic extremist group. Asians overwhelmingly express favorable sentiment, and Middle Eastern people hold similar views. Syrians overwhelmingly voice favorable opinions of ISIS, with 94% expressing support and 3% expressing an unfavorable view.
People in Lebanon overwhelmingly express unfavorable opinions of ISIS, with 100% expressing an unfavorable view. Only around eight percent voice favorable opinions, which suggests that the Islamic extremist group is not a major threat in Lebanon. Palestinians overwhelmingly express favorable opinions of ISIS, with 59% saying they support the group.
Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani now fares better than McCain, though he remains far behind Mike Huckabee and John McCain continues to receive strong support from the Democratic base.
At the start of the statewide campaign, Giuliani held a 29% to 33% advantage over McCain in Republican registered voters, but Huckabee now holds a 20% to 29% advantage over Giuliani. Giuliani’s ratings have remained steady in recent surveys, while Huckabee’s have been trending downward.
Under current administration, 55% of the public says the tax system is not just or not at all fair, while 41% say it is at least fair, according to Pew Research Center surveys conducted March 20-25 among 1,500 adults, including 444 conservative Republicans and 321 liberal Democrats, on a nationally representative sample of adults, who are religiously Protestant, religiously unaffiliated or religiously unaffiliated and who live in the U.S.
Public opinion of the tax system has been in the 64% to 43% range since 2012. In 2012, 64% of Americans had positive views of the tax system, while just 43% had a negative view; today, a mere 32% of Americans say the tax system is at least fair, up from 31% just prior to the 2012 elections. In 2007, in the wake of the financial crisis, 50% of Americans had a favorable view of the tax system, while 58% had a negative view.
The survey, conducted as part of a project on “The Future of Language,” found that Americans generally are uncomfortable using gender-neutral pronouns. Fully 47% of U.S. adults said in the survey that they would be “very uncomfortable” using a gender-neutral pronoun to refer to someone and/or myself or him/her. Another 23% said they were “very uncomfortable.” Just 23% said they would be “somewhat uncomfortable” using a gender-neutral pronoun to refer to someone or myself or him or her.
Older Americans are more comfortable using gender-neutral pronouns. About half of Americans ages 65 or older (51%) said they would be “uncomfortable” using a gender-neutral pronoun to refer to someone, compared with 47% who said it would be “very uncomfortable.” Those 18-29 were more comfortable using the pronoun. Older Americans also are more likely than younger Americans to say they prefer to refer to someone or themselves by he/it pronouns.
The Pew Internet & American Life Project surveys of 2,000 adults in the United States from March 2000 to April 2006. The survey finds that 60% of adults are online. This means that at least half of adults are online at all times, and 80% are online at least some of the time.
Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez has been in office since March of 2005. In the August Pew Global Attitudes survey, 53% of Venezuelans agreed with him, “in terms of world affairs, to do the right thing.”
The public is skeptical about the prospects for private funding of scientific research. Only 9% think non-government funding will ensure the necessary scientific progress, 52% say that the necessary scientific progress would not be made without government investment, and just 13% do not know.
The relationship between labour productivity and the use of reading skills is particularly strong in some countries. For example, the correlation between labour productivity and reading skills is 45% in Norway, 44% in Ireland, 42% in Australia, 41% in the United States, 39% in Italy, 38% in Spain, 37% in the United Kingdom, 36% in Japan, 35% in the Czech Republic, 34% in Poland, 33% in the United Arab Emirates, 32% in the Slovak Republic, and 31% in the Netherlands.
The Washington Post and the Pew Research Center have been tracking sexual misconduct cases involving elected officials, and the results are troubling. The Post/Pew survey finds that 57% of Americans think sex scandals involving elected officials just get caught more often because they’re under greater scrutiny. About one-in-19 Americans (19%) believe that officials have lower moral standards than others because they are “just getting caught more often.”
Looking back, opinions about the death penalty, which was close to 70% in favor of the penalty before the 2018 midterm elections, rose slightly. A 49% plurality said in 1996 that “at least some people should be allowed the chance to die for murder.”
The percentage of Americans who use the internet has increased dramatically since 2000. In 2000, just 46% of adults used the internet. As of 2018, 100% of Americans ages 16 and older now go online.
While white Republicans have leaned in both parties recently, the share of white Democrats who say they are Republican has also changed. Nearly three-in-four white Democrats (76%) say they are Republicans, compared with 54% of white Republicans in 2008.
Twitter was flooded with activity following the shooting of Trayvon Martin, a 16-year-old black boy who was killed by a white teenage neighbor in New Orleans on March 12, 2012. Twitter was used to track the conversation about the shooting, and the number of tweets per day on the site increased dramatically compared with the days leading up to the shooting and following the shooting. Twitter’s use of the #TrayvonMartin trended much higher than the days leading up to the shooting, and the number of tweets per day on the site increased dramatically compared with the days following the shooting.
Americans have very different views of whether the federal government is necessary to encourage businesses and consumers to rely more on renewable energy sources. About six-in-ten Americans (65%) think the private market will already be doing enough to encourage renewable energy use, even without government regulations. Fewer Americans favor the role of government in promoting renewable energy use (42% say the private market already does enough).
Republicans are more likely than Democrats to think government regulations are essential to encouraging businesses and consumers to rely more on renewable energy sources. About eight-in-ten Republicans and Democrats (68% each) say this is the case. However, there are differences on this issue along partisan lines: 72% of Democrats, but only 26% of Republicans think the private market already does enough to encourage renewable energy use.
In a survey by Pew Research Center, ask Democratic voters which candidate best describes their views, and a majority of them say they see a stark contrast between what those voters describe as their first choice and what Sanders, Booker, Warren and other candidates look like. Among those who select “Sanders as their first choice” and ask voters which candidate best describes their view, 63% say Sanders most closely describes their view. In the Sanders campaign, Sanders has emphasized his strong opposition to President Trump and his candidacy is seen as a “breakthrough” choice for Democrats.
Among those who name Biden as their first choice, a smaller majority (53%) say Sanders most closely describes their view. In the Biden campaign, Sanders has said he is not a break through choice for Democrats.
Among whites, this sentiment is particularly strong among those with a bachelor’s degree or less. Nearly four-in-ten (39%) of this group say increased outsourcing of jobs has done more to hurt their job or career from scratch, compared with 24% of those with at least a master’s degree, 27% of those with a bachelor’s degree or less and 26% of those with a four-year degree or less this fall. This suggests this sentiment is particularly prevalent among whites who lack a college degree.
The Swine Flu, the economy and the war in Afghanistan were the top three stories of August and September. Roughly a third of Americans followed each of these stories very closely, according to the Pew Research Center’s Project for Excellence in Understanding (PEaU). The Pew Research Center’s Project for Excellence in Understanding is a nonpartisan, nonreligious, nonpartisan research organization that studies the attitudes of Americans toward race, religion, immigration, the environment, science and technology, politics, the military, the economy, the environment, and other issues.
Across all four scenarios, a minority of Americans (13%) say they consider online harassment to be a element of the sexual harassment issue. This includes 12% who say it always should be information on social media platforms and a similar share (11%) who say it should be information on social media platforms only in some cases. Another 3% of adults say it is not always or never a element of the issue.
There is a somewhat larger difference in opinion on whether the social media platform should intervene. Roughly a quarter (26%) say this should always be information on social media platforms, but a somewhat larger share (45%) believes it should be information on social media platforms only in some cases. Fewer Americans believe that social media platforms should intervene in all elements of the sexual harassment issue (10%).
The public’s interest in reducing the budget deficit is reflected in many proposals that might reduce spending. Nearly two-in-three (64%) approve of raising the Social Security contribution ceiling; 59% approve of freezing salaries of federal workers. Fewer approved of reducing the security fund for high-income seniors by half (48%), creating a national sales tax (43%), and drastically raising the retirement age of Social Security beneficiaries (40%).
One proposal that could reduce carbon emissions is limiting them to certain levels, but 65% of Americans say they would be opposed. Similarly, 93% oppose stricter restrictions on power plant carbon emissions. And 80% are opposed to “tougher fuel efficiency standards for cars.” And when it comes to reducing carbon emissions from businesses, 84 say they favor providing a tax credit to businesses for developing carbon capture and storage technology.
Then, in July 2020, a Pew Research Center survey found that around four-in-ten Americans (43%) couldn’t really be trusted with medical advice because so many studies have conflicting advice. And, amid conflicting advice, 70% of Americans said they felt that research studies were constantly improving.
For all racial and ethnic groups, there are more intermarriage relationships among newlyweds than among established marriages. But among Asian Americans, the share is particularly striking. In 2014, there were 29% of Asian Americans who were intermarrying newlyweds. This is the highest percentage among any racial or ethnic group.
Among all U.S. adults, 11% of whites were newlyweds in 2014. Among whites of all racial and ethnic groups, 63% were. Whites are the least likely group to be intermarrying in the U.S. Suitors that ask people to identify their race and ethnicity are not able to accurately capture the share of whites who are intermarrying.
Views of using military force in Afghanistan and Iraq are more positive than they have been at any point in Pew Research Center surveys since 2003. The percentage saying the decision to use military force in Iraq was right has risen from 22% in 2003 to 38% today. The percentage saying the same thing about the decision to use military force in Afghanistan has ticked up from 39% to 51%. The share saying the decision to use military force in Afghanistan was wrong peaked at 73% in 2007 and fell to 22% in 2012. The share saying the decision to use military force in Iraq was wrong peaked at 56% in 2007 and fell to 80% this year.
The share saying the decision to use military force in Afghanistan was the right decision has increased 17 points since 2003 while the share saying the right decision was Iraq has been the wrong decision has fallen 15 points. The percentage saying the right decision in Afghanistan has increased 10 points since 2003 and the percentage saying the wrong decision in Iraq has fallen 10 points.
Americans broadly see the availability of data as a key factor in whether they trust scientific research findings. Two-thirds of U.S. adults (67%) say they trust research findings when the data are openly available to the public; about a quarter (27%) say this has a “more positive effect,” and 8% say it has a “less positive effect.” At the same time, 54% say they trust research findings when it is funded by an industry group, and fewer than half as many (23%) say this has a positive effect.
When Pew Research Center first asked Clinton in April 2016 how her members felt about Republicans, 76% of Democrats said members of their party were warmer toward Republicans than were members of the GOP. When Trump was asked how his members felt about Republicans, just 11% of Republicans said their members were warmer toward the president-elect than were members of the GOP.
Median monthly earnings for workers with a bachelor’s degree increased by $1,000 between 1984 and 1988, but they have stagnated since then, according to Pew Research Center calculations based on the Survey of Income and Employment. Median monthly earnings for workers with a bachelor’s degree have remained between $3,500 and $3,800 since 1984 and 1988.
Six-in-ten 65-69 year olds say they use the internet at home, as do 60% of 70-74 year olds. However, older adults are less likely to subscribe to broadband service at home (66% 65-69 year olds vs. 51% 70-74 year olds).
Smartphone ownership is also more prevalent among younger adults. Fully 59% of younger adults own a smartphone, compared with 28% of older adults.
The current survey finds that 54% approve and 44% disapprove of the House of Representatives’ decision to begin an impeachment inquiry. Views are divided along partisan lines: Nearly half of Republicans (48%) approve of the decision, while 57% disapprove. Fewer Democrats (41%) approve (52% disapprove).
Even though India’s internet penetration rate is relatively low, the country’s online population has been growing at a faster rate than the overall population. According to comScore Media Index data from India, there are about 81.8 million unique visitors to online news and information sites in India each month. This is up from 75.0 million in April 2011 and 57.8 million in April 2012.
Nearly a quarter (24%) of all the conversations on Twitter during the government shutdown in late 2011 was about straight news about the shutdown, according to Pew Research Center analysis of tweets. Effects and consequences (17% of the total) and Republicans (9%) were the most frequently cited topics.
Twitter users shared more than 100 million pieces of straight news about the shutdown, compared with just 15 million pieces of humor. Twitter users shared 42% of straight news and 31% of jokes.
A third of Americans say the issue of how long the U.S. military has been in Afghanistan and other conflicts is “a little” or “a lot” more than other issues, while 26% say it makes a little “more” or a little “no difference” of a difference; just 8% say they “heard nothing at all” about this issue.
About a third of the public (35%) says they have a mostly positive recollection of how the stock market has fared since the onset of the Great Recession. A comparable share (33%) has a mostly favorable impression of how the job situation on the economy has fared.
In general, the Pew Research Center’s survey trace the same pattern of things in high-response and low-response surveys. Pew Research Center surveys find that the shares of Americans identifying across partisan lines are similar in high-response as in low-response surveys. For example, the 2016 survey, which had a low response rate of 4.5%, found 28% identifying as Democrats and 26% identifying with the Republican Party.
Both Republicans and Democrats express optimism about their party’s future. However, Democrats be more likely than Republicans to expect their party’s leaders to do the right thing in Congress.
When it comes to advertising, Facebook users tend to be more methodical in their preferences than other Americans. Some 27% of U.S. adults surveyed by Pew Research Center said there were fewer than 10 categories listed on their ad preferences page, while 33% said there were 21 or more categories. Facebook ads are a particularly effective way for advertisers to reach their target audience, as they are more likely than Americans as a whole to use them.
A survey of black religious Americans by the Pew Research Center’s Religion & Life Project, conducted in January and February of 2019, shows that blacks as a group are more likely than whites to say such issues should be a priority:
White Protestants (25%) are more likely than whites to say this, though majorities oppose this in both black (43%) and white (42%) Americans.
Indians are keenly focused on the goings-on in the world. When asked which story they followed more closely—the election or the economic crisis—Indians say the former—by a margin of 30%-23%.
Foreign interest in domestic events is also strong. Indians are focused on the U.S.-Pakistan relationship. Nearly three-in-ten Indians (26%) followed developments in the U.S. election—40% of Indians say they followed that story very closely—much more closely than they followed the presidential election in France or Britain (23%-25%).
Indians also showed strong interest in the goings-on in Europe. Three-in-ten Indians say they followed news about the European debt crisis very closely—much more closely than they followed news about relations between Britain and Iran (12% very closely).
Women currently make up about a third (38%) of ambassadors serving in the United States. Among the 158 current ambassadors, women make up a particularly high share (see “Women in Leadership,” below).
In 14 democracie countries surveyed, more cooperation between countries reduces the number of coronavirus cases in their country. Majorities or pluralities in 11 of these countries say that cooperation between countries reduces the number of coronavirus cases in their country. In only two countries, Belgium and Spain, do more than half the adults believe that cooperation between countries reduces the number of coronavirus cases in their country. In the U.S., only 72% believe that cooperation between countries reduces coronavirus cases in the country where COVID-19 cases occur.
Americans give positive ratings to the four institutions included in the survey. More than seven-in-ten have a favorable view of the media and the court system. And 52% of Americans say they think with the military, about the same as public opinion of the 31% percent of the time asking if the country will do the right thing. Dissatisfaction with the military is more common: 73% of Americans give negative marks to the military.
Similarly, officers overwhelmingly say they could rate their relations with blacks in their communities either “only poorly” or “poorly.” And officers overwhelmingly say they cannot rate their relations with Hispanics. Fewer officers can offer a response for Asian or white officers. Officers’ ratings of their relations with whites and Hispanics vary widely by race and ethnicity. Officers with race backgrounds other than white or Hispanic are less likely than officers of color to say they could rate relations with whites either “poorly” or “poorly.”
Police officers report “only poor” or “poor” excellent relations with the police in their department in only 15 of the 37 departments surveyed. Among the 10 departments surveyed that do have responses, officers in those departments can match their answers to a list of racial and ethnic categories. Officers with races other than white or Hispanic are less likely than officers of white or Hispanic background to say they could rate their relations with whites either “poorly” or “poor.” Similarly, officers with races other than Hispanic are less likely than officers of Hispanic background to say they could rate their relations with Hispanics either “poor” or “only poorly.”
Among the 10 Middle Eastern countries included in the survey, favorability toward Iranian President Mahmoud Rouhani is particularly low. Barely more emirates in the Middle East favor Rouhani (15%), compared with large majorities of around two-thirds or more (65%) in Turkey, Jordan and Israel.
Rouhani’s favorability ratings vary widely across the Middle East. Tenures of Middle Eastern leaders are associated with favorable views in most countries, including 85% of Jordanians, 80% of Palestinians and 65% of Lebanese who back Rouhani. About eight-in-ten Jordanians (82%) support Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan. Erdogan’s favorability is particularly high in Jordan, Israel and Lebanon, where 75% express support.
Venezuelans also give negative ratings to the national government (68% say it has a bad influence) and the court system (65%). Opposition to the military force cuts across the board. Roughly six-in-ten (33%) say the military has a bad influence on how things are going in Venezuela.
What does Republican and Democratic primary voters have to say about the candidates? For this analysis, we define “Republican primary voters” as those voters who say they are voting in the Republican Party primary in the state where they reside and “Democratic primary voters” as those voters who say they are voting in the Democratic Party primary in the state where they reside.
Republican and Democratic primary voters generally assess candidates’ positions in the same direction. For example, among Republican leaners, a majority say they are at least somewhat less likely to vote for ending the nuclear agreement with Iran or sending ground troops to fight ISIS if the candidate is not from the nuclear energy business; a majority say they are somewhat more likely to vote for sending ground troops if the candidate is not from the nuclear energy business.
Women are living about as long as men. The median age at first marriage for men has fallen from 30 years in 1940 to 27.3 years today, while for women it has fallen from 21.5 to 24.3 years. And while men are getting married earlier than women, the gender gap in marriage age is growing, with men marrying women for the first time on average at a younger age than women doing so. In 1940, for example, men married women for the first time at an average of 30, while women married for the first time at an average of 25.
The share of Americans who say a budgetary deficit is a very big problem has declined since 2018, according to a new Pew Research Center survey. Three-in-ten U.S. adults today say a budget deficit is a very big problem, down from 53% who said the same in September 2018. Currently, an additional 22% say it is an intermediate problem, according to the survey conducted June 16-22. Roughly a quarter (25%) say it is not a problem at all.
Overall, about four-in-ten Americans (42%) support increasing defense spending, while roughly as many (41%) say Germany should keep defense spending the same. Roughly a third (34%) support maintaining defense budgets, while 38% say Germany should continue to cut back on defense spending.
When it comes to the national police research center, the public offers mostly blank reactions to news reports about the organization and its handling of felony cases involving military detainees at Guantanamo. Just 16% say they have heard a little or a lot about the possible delay to the fall premiere of the television show Law & Order: Criminal Minds; 30% say they have heard “a lot” about the Obama administration allowing military trials of detainees at the prison; 47% say they have heard “a little” or “nothing” about the resignation of former center executives over video.
On foreign policy, Americans and Germans have very different views. Germans are more than four times more likely than Americans to name China as the country they view as their most important trading partner. Among the other countries surveyed, Israel (12%), Russia (11%), Canada (13%) and Turkey (14%) are comparable in importance.
job availability is still a major issue for many Americans when they think about the broader economy. The Ejercicio Común survey conducted in October-November found that nearly all Americans (41%) think there are plenty of jobs available in the communities where they live, while just 37% believe there aren’t enough jobs available. Perceptions of job availability are especially negative among those with a family income of $75,000 or more, the median family income in the U.S. The larger-income-earning Americans are more likely than those with lower incomes to perceive a lack of jobs available in their communities (53% vs. 43%).
Income is an important factor in views of job availability. Seven-in-ten Americans who have a family income of $75,000 or more (75%) say there are plenty of jobs available in their communities, compared with 58% who say there aren’t enough jobs. Among those with incomes below $75,000, the share saying there aren’t enough jobs is roughly the same as the share saying there are plenty of jobs available.
Democrats generally see more job availability than Republicans. Fully 47% of Democrats
This survey by Pew Research Center shows that Americans’ opinions on the issue of measles vaccination vary by generational group. Roughly nine-in-ten Millennial or younger parents (87%) and parents with a higher level of education favor measles vaccination parental decision-making. By contrast, only 76% of parents with a lower level of education support this type of decision making.
In the Center’s 2014 survey of Americans conducted by Pew Research’s American Trends Panel, we asked respondents whether the rate of cavities in their country had increased or decreased in recent years. Here are some of the key findings:
Around seven-in-ten Americans divisa between a shortage of cases and a lack of testing to assess the severity of the coronavirus outbreak. But while the public is concerned about the virus and its potential impact on the national economy, Americans are also concerned about undocumented immigrants. Amid the coronavirus outbreak, around six-in-ten U.S. adults (62%) say it is the government’s responsibility to provide medical and economic aid to undocumented immigrants who are affected by the coronavirus. Meanwhile, while Hispanics (86%) and blacks (80%) overwhelmingly say it is the government’s responsibility to provide medical aid, relatively few whites (27%) (24% say it is the government’s responsibility) say this.
Ideological consistency is defined as a seven-question scale that ranges from a person being “almost certain” to consistently hold right or wrong to a person being “almost certain” to be in the middle. In an analysis of people with different levels of financial security, about half of Americans (51%) are about twice as likely as those with the least secure financial means to consistently hold right or wrong on a scale ranging from 9 to 39 issues on a spectrum from mostly liberal to consistently conservative. Adults with the highest levels of financial security, on the other hand, are about half as likely to have consistently conservative or liberal views, and about four-in-ten are about to have consistently liberal views.
Dietary fat has increased by 15% since 1970, while fat from meat, poultry and fish has increased by 25%, according to the USDA. Dietary fiber has increased by 15%, while fiber from vegetables has increased by 25%, and fiber from legumes has increased by 40%. Dietary fiber from fruits and vegetables has increased by 60%. Dietary fiber from corn has increased by 100%. Dietary fiber from potatoes has increased by 150%. Dietary fiber from rice has increased by 200%. Dietary fiber from oats has increased by 250%. Dietary fiber from whole grains has increased by 300%. Dietary fiber from whole grains has increased by 400%. Dietary fiber from whole grains has increased by 500%. Dietary fiber from whole grains has increased by 600%. Dietary fiber from whole grains has increased by 700%. Dietary fiber from whole grains has increased by 800%. Dietary fiber from whole grains has increased by 900%. Dietary fiber from whole grains has increased by 1000%. Dietary fiber from whole grains has increased by 1100%. Dietary fiber from whole grains
The U.S. electricity grid is currently running at near peak efficiency, and the nation has been running on the grid for more than 99% of the time since 2009. Yet Americans ages 18 to 29 are more likely than those 65 and older to think that alternative energy sources should be the more important priority for addressing the nation’s energy supply. Majorities of young adults who say production of oil, coal and natural gas should be the top priority deaden it with the word “hard.”
Seven-in-ten young adults ages 18 to 29 say that alternative energy sources should be the more important priority for addressing the nation’s energy supply. By comparison, only 19% of those ages 65 and older say the same.
This year’s presidential campaign dominated news coverage in a story posted by the Associated Press on Sept. 13. The public showed strong interest in the story, with 82% following it very closely and 42% saying it was their faa priority.
The presidential campaign accounted for 22% of the newshole looked at in week 11 of Gallup’s weekly news interest index. The 20 presidential candidates dominated news for much of the year, and this year’s campaign accounted for 14% of the newshole, according to a recent analysis by the Pew Research Center’s Project for Excellence in Journalism.
The 2010 election was the second most closely followed story of the year, with 19% of Americans following the campaign very closely and another 2% saying it was their top story.
Internet access is associated with gross domestic product per capita in many emerging and developing countries. For example, internet use is strongly associated with economic well-being in Indonesia, where internet access is 96.5% and per capita GDP is $6,000. Similarly, internet access is associated with economic well-being in Kenya, where 86.5% of the population is internet-connected and per capita GDP is $5,000.
Figure 7 shows the projected percentage of the U.S. population that will be elderly from 1960 to 2050. The dashed line is the actual percentage of the population at each year, and the solid line is the projected percentage of the population at each year. The dashed line starts at 8.9%, and rises steadily to 19% by 2050.
This basically reflects what recent surveys have found. Currently, about six-in-ten (67%) Democrats have a favorable view of local government officials, compared with just 41% of independents and around one-in-five Republicans.
Tunisians place a high priority on an economy that is growing, but most do not want to see the country’s political system altered. Most (96%) say it is very important to support honest, competitive elections. Roughly nine-in-ten (92%) also endorse law and order enforcement.
Tunisians also place a high value on a fair court system. A 95% majority endorse fair and impartial judges. A similarly high proportion (84%) say the country’s fair justice system is working well.
Islamic extremism and terrorism are major concerns in Lebanon, Tunisia, Jordan and Turkey. And these concerns are up. In 2013, 92% in Lebanon were very or somewhat concerned about Islamic extremism within their country. By 2014, only 25% in Lebanon expressed concern. Similar declines have occurred in Tunisia (down from 81% concerned to 50%), Egypt (down from 75% to 69%) and Jordan (64% to 54%).
To say the Church has mishandled sex abuse cases is putting it on the defensive. Currently, 62% say they have a negative opinion of Pope Francis, who has faced allegations of sexual misconduct dating to his tenure as archbishop of Rome. On the flip side, 31% say they have a positive view of the pontiff, while 54% say he is not excellent or good at addressing sex abuse scandals.
Overall, Americans are highly engaged with video. Fully 72% of adults go online at least some time to watch videos on a computer, tablet or phone. And 46% say they watch videos on a computer network at least some time. These are the highest levels of online watching we’ve ever recorded.
Despite the GOP’s gains in the November midterm elections, public support for Republican congressional leaders has declined. While Republicans approve by a 61% to 31% margin (the latest survey asked about John Barrasso of Wyoming, the current leader of the GOP-controlled Senate) and Leavy McCarthy of Alaska, the leader of the GOP-controlled House Rules Committee, still majorities back both leaders.
In a Pew Research Center survey conducted in 2013, we found that Cubans still worked for the state, even as the government has reformed the way it provides jobs for its people. According to the Office Nacional de Estadística e Información (ONE), the Cuban government employs 74% of the population. The cooperative sector, which employs 5%, is the second largest employer. The rest of the private sector includes a variety of businesses and establishments, including restaurants, retail stores, banks, and other commercial establishments.
And when it comes to feeling empowered by digital technology, overall feelings have risen sharply since 2007. Four years ago, 28% said digital technology helped them feel a lot or some sense of control over what they could do with their ideas and creations. Today, 38% say it helps them a lot or some of the time.
For the first time in more than a decade, at least half of Americans, my survey respondents, think religion is losing influence on American life. While this may not be a bad thing, it does raise the question, “If religion is losing influence, what is it gaining?”
A new analysis by Pew Research Center shows that a total of 12.5 million Syrians—nearly half of the nation’s population—have fled since the beginning of the Syrian civil war in March 2011. This includes more than 6 million Syrians who have fled to neighboring countries, as well as refugees from other countries who have traveled to Europe. A new report by the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR) shows that a total of 14 million Syrians have fled since the beginning of the war.
Overall, the public showed modest interest in news about the economy, tax debate and relations with South Korea. Men (36% very closely, behind women) and those ages 41-64 were slightly more likely than those 65 and older to cite economic news as the story they followed most closely last week (37% vs. 34%, respectively).
Many Americans know little about the economic fallout from the war in Iraq but a new Pew Research Center survey shows they know a surprising amount about the war itself. About eight-in-ten Americans (88%) know that Iraqis are more economically disadvantaged than Americans. And 77% know that oil has been well-exploited in Iraq.
But many Americans know little else about the war. Nearly six-in-ten Americans (58%) do not even know the date that the Iraqi government collapsed. Fewer than four-in-ten Americans (37%) know that the United States will face a budget deficit in 2010. Fewer than half (46%) of Americans know that Intel trades more chips for dollars than other companies. Fewer than half (45%) of Americans know that the unemployment rate is 10%. Fewer than half (46%) of Americans know that the Indian government will have a majority-party control of the House of Representatives. Fewer than half (41%) of Americans know that Google’s phone software (Android) is more popular than its phone application (Google). Fewer than half (16%) of Americans know that Osama bin Laden killed himself in Afghanistan. Fewer than half (
But the new data show that the partisan composition of congressional districts – and thus the composition of the Congressional Research Service’s population estimates – hasn’t changed much. In fact, the two parties that received the most votes in 2018 – the Democratic Party (56% of all votes) and the Republican Party (44%) – received similar percentages of population estimates.
The partisan composition of districts has changed substantially since the COVID-19 death rate began trending upward in the United States. In March, the average number of deaths of day in a congressional district was 2.6, but by September, it had climbed to 2.1.
The data from the report show that the U.S. is heading in the right direction, but the achievement gap is still substantial. For example, the average U.S. student is now more likely to attend a school with 77% of his or her classmates from the U.S. than to attend a school with only 23% of his or her classmates from an immigrant background.
The Senate will need to act on Obama’s nomination to replace Justice Scalia. Currently, the nomination is pending in the Senate and is expected to be heard and voted on by the Senate Leadership Transition Committee by the end of this month.
In a recent Pew Research Center survey, 56% of Americans say the Senate should hold hearings and vote on Obama’s nomination to replace Justice Scalia. Three-in-ten (30%) disagree.
Republicans are more than twice as likely as Democrats to project concern about the economy. About six-in-ten Republicans (67%) express concern about the economy, about on par with the 22% of Democrats who say the same. A majority of Democrats (53%) express concern, although about a third (35%) project mixed concern and confidence. About four-in-ten Republicans anticipate better conditions in the country a year from now; that compares with about a third of Democrats (35%).
When asked about gender discrimination, Americans generally see it as a problem, especially men. Fully 80% of Americans say that discrimination against women is a major problem in the technology industry, and in a recent survey by Pew Research Center, a majority of Americans described this as a problem compared with other industries. Americans generally see discrimination against women in the tech industry as a less noticeable problem than discrimination against men in the workplace.
Pew Research Center surveys on history have consistently found that Americans remember presidents more than they do certain events in the nation. In a survey conducted in January 2010 immediately after Bush’s announcement that he would run for reelection, independents (37%) were more positive than negative (25% negative, 37% positive) about how they would be remembered. In our most recent survey, conducted in November 2018, 30% of Democrats and 40% of Republicans said Bush would be remembered as outstanding, while only 7% of Democrats and 11% of Republicans thought he would be remembered favorably.
In the U.S., Canadians feel particularly negative about how the coronavirus is being handled. A median of 75% of Canadians say Canada’s handling of COVID-19 is a very or somewhat bad. Just 7% of Canadians say Canada has dealt well with the outbreak.
Two-thirds of Germans say the country has dealt badly with the coronavirus outbreak. Just 17% think Germans have dealt well.
In addition to rising rates of physical bullying, the survey also found that the share of high school students who were physically bullied had increased significantly since 2007. In 2007, 17% of students were physically bullied, and the share had risen to 28% by 2017. Similarly, the share of students who were electronically bullied also increased significantly, from 9% in 2007 to 14% in 2017.
Many around the world see a bright future ahead for their countries. Majorities of people have a positive view of the way things are going in their countries and of their children’s future as well. For example, roughly nine-in-ten Nigerians (94%), Kenyans (93%), Tunisians (92%), and Jordanians (91%) agree that “many wise people have gathered together and have decided to do something about it.” Syrians (96%) and Indians (95%) are less enthusiastic. Nearly two-thirds of Saudis also think wise people have gathered together to find a solution to the country’s problems.
Many people see a better future ahead. Majorities of people in 12 African nations take a positive view of the way things are going in their countries and of their children’s future. Fully 78% of Senegalese (76%), 76% of Kenyans (76%), and 75% of Nigerians (75%) say that in their country, “wise people have gathered together and have decided to find a solution to the problems.”
Around one-in-five Americans (23%) say they followed news about events in Iraq very closely last week, the highest percentage following a single story in more than a decade. By contrast, news about the incoming 2008 campaign and the federal government’s investigation into possible conflicts of interest raised less attention. About one-quarter (24%) say they followed news about the campaign campaign very closely; by comparison, 16% followed the federal government’s investigation very closely last week.
Compared with other ways people can date, online dating is associated with a relatively low level of personal contact and interaction. This type of dating is characterized by a high level of online engagement, but relatively low levels of physical contact and interaction. Online dating users (only around a quarter of all U.S. adults) are more likely than other adults to say they have ever used online dating sites or apps to make online contacts (42% vs. 90%), send online messages (32% vs. 67%) or send online photos (27% vs. 70%).
In the Americas, people living in the North American portion of the continent are less dissatisfied with democracy and more likely to say their countries are working well.
Indians are keenly aware of the issue of people leaving their country for jobs abroad. More than six-in-ten (64%) say it is a very or moderately big problem, while 17% say they do not know (13% not know, 1% don’t know).
Overall, Americans largely disagree with the proposed changes to voting rules: About seven-in-ten (69%) say they would hold less secure views if voting laws were changed to make it easier to register and vote, while about three-in-ten (37%) say the same about secure lives (rather than less secure).
There are few differences by race or ethnicity, and younger Americans are less likely than older Americans to agree that opinions about the proposed changes would be less secure if voting rules were changed to make it easier to register and vote. About eight-in-ten Black (80%) very or somewhat feel this way, compared with seven-in-ten White adults (58%).
Other developments intriguingly drew only modest attention. Relatively few Americans paid very close attention to the Anna Nicole Smith death penalty case, while the public followed the 2008 presidential campaign very closely. Pew IHP also asked which news story was the most closely followed this week by Americans and which was the most closely followed by just a minority. News of Smith’s death accounted for 37% of the public’s attention, while 19% followed this news very closely.
The Pew Research Center survey on the issue of “racial discrimination” also finds large demographic differences in opinions about the Supreme Court ruling. Fully 69% say they would like to see the Supreme Court completely overturn Roe v. Wade, while 23% disagree and 8% express disapproval of overturning the decision. Majorities of whites (72%) and men (77%) say they would support the ruling.
Opinions about whether or not women should have the right to vote vary widely by age, education and race/ethnicity. Fully 73% of those ages 18-to-49 years old say they would like the Supreme Court to completely overturn Roe, while a somewhat smaller 54% say Roe should not be overturned. Majorities of whites with a college degree (59%) or higher (70%) oppose the ruling.
Younger Americans ages 18-29 are more likely than older ones to support overturning Roe to the extent that they believe doing so would improve the nation. Roughly a third of 18- to 29-year-olds (36%) disapprove of the ruling, compared with majorities of those ages 30 and older (63
In the Middle East, Palestinians and Jordanians are most likely to say religion is very important. In Morocco, only 19% of Muslims say they are very important. In Lebanon, 58% of Muslims in the country say religion is important. In contrast, in Israel, 59% of the country’s Muslims say religion is very important.
As the election draws near, turnout is expected to be low, but that doesn’t mean that voter participation will necessarily be lacking. According to Census Bureau population estimates, 53.6 million U.S. voting-age citizens turned out to vote in the 2016 presidential election, and that’s roughly the same number as in 2012, when 53.7 million people ages 18 and older cast their ballots. Voter turnout has remained relatively stable since 1976, when 83.5 million registered voters voted.
Voter turnout is a key determinant of election outcomes. Voter turnout is the percentage of voting-age citizens who vote in an election. Voter turnout is also a measure of political engagement, and voter turnout is associated with a number of political outcomes, including voter approval of the president and the ability of citizens to influence the direction of the country. Voter turnout is also associated with the ability of citizens to influence the direction of the political system in which they live. Voter turnout is also associated with the ability of citizens to influence the direction of the country in which they live. Voter turnout is also associated with the ability of citizens to influence the direction of the political system in
The Bush administration has been closely followed this week by Americans of all racial and ethnic origins. Obama is followed most closely by Latinos (42% strongly or mostly strongly remembering) and by whites (33%, mostly strongly). Prior to the debate over the Iraq war, people also were following events in Afghanistan (31% strongly or mostly strongly). The situation in Iraq is now the top story (21% strongly or mostly strongly) behind Obama and the administration. The war on terrorism remains a second tier story (20% strongly or mostly strongly) behind Obama and the administration.
In 2017, the U.S. Census Bureau reported that there were 2.15 million Muslims in the U.S., up from 1.86 million in 2011. The Muslim population has been growing steadily since at least 2007, when the Census Bureau first reported that Muslims were a minority group in the country. In 2007, there were 1.35 million Muslims in the U.S., and in 2011 that number had grown to 1.86 million.
Overall ownership of desktop and laptop computers has increased significantly since 2009. Desktop computers now make up 69% of all computers owned by U.S. adults, up from 57% in 2009. Ownership of laptop computers has also increased, but less dramatically, with now 49% of adults owning a laptop computer, down from 56% in 2009.
The most important aspect of a college degree is its value to the economy where the bearer lives. Fully 67% of the public says college prepares someone well for a well-paying job in the economy where the person lives; just 15% say the degree does not prepare them at all well or that they are not sure. Conservative Republicans (35%) say the degree prepares them very well; just 12% say it does not prepare them well or say they are unsure. Conservative Republicans say the value of a college degree is especially important among their members. Fully 89% of conservative Republicans (82%) say a college degree prepares them very well or somewhat well for a well-paying job in the economy, compared with 24% of moderate and liberal Republicans (4%).
Democratic optimism is particularly high this year. Last December, when Republicans led the Senate by 25 seats to 51, most Democrats (60%) expected that the new Congress would be better than current Congress. In downvotes made by the GOP, only about half the Democrats (52%) expected a better Congress.
Currently, 46% of Americans say terrorists are more likely than other countries to launch major attacks; just 16% say they are less likely, while 30% say about even then able. The public has grown more optimistic since 2009. The partisan divide over the share who says terrorists are more likely to attack since 2009 is similar to the partisan gap in support for increased U.S. funding for counterterrorism efforts. Currently, roughly six-in-ten Republicans (61%) say terrorists are more likely than other countries to launch major attacks, while just 32% say they are less likely. Views among Democrats are narrower: currently, 51% say they are more likely than other countries to launch major attacks and 45% say they are less likely.
German and American publics pessimistically inclined by the prospect of a trade agreement between the two countries pessimistically view the long-term consequences of the agreement; 59% of Americans and 61% of Germans say that it would lead to job losses and lower wages. And while Germans are more concerned than Americans about foreign companies taking advantage of the agreement, Americans are more worried about environmental and food standards being lowered.
Despite a favorable name recognition rating, Americans generally have not positive views of Angela Merkel. About seven-in-ten Americans (72%) do not have a favorable impression of Merkel, including 45% who hold this view soundly.
Democrats and Republicans express mixed views of Merkel. Fewer than half of Democrats (47%) and Republicans (47%) express a favorable view, but a greater share of Democrats (38%) than Republicans (44%) do not express a clear view of the German leader.
A new survey by the European poll organization Odoama showed that the UK will vote to leave the EU in a June referendum. The question reads: “The UK is leaving the European Union. What do you think? What would be a bad thing about this? A. Leaving the EU would be bad because it would take more powers from the UK back to the countries.”
Public opinion in Europe is divided on the future of the EU. More than four-in-ten adults in 10 European countries surveyed this spring believe some powers should be returned to national governments. The UK is the only country surveyed in which a majority of adults (72%) disagree with this statement.
One of several factors shaping opinions on this issue is whether one is a conservative or moderate or liberal. Roughly three-in-four (73%) of conservative Americans say parents should be able to decide not to vaccinate their children even if that may create health risks for others. In contrast, 96% of moderate Americans and 90% of liberal Americans favor requiring children to be vaccinated against measles. Reflecting this divide along ideological lines, 25% of conservative Americans say parents should be able to decide not to vaccinate their children if this may create health risks for others. Republicans who lean conservative are more likely than those who don’t lean conservative to think parents should be able to decide not to vaccinate their children if this may create health risks for others.
Only "Do you get news often from newspapers?” were open-ended, and respondents were able to answer this question more fully. Those who get news often from newspapers were asked to select “newspaper” from a list of possible platforms: television, radio, social media, websites or print newspapers. The years were divided into two periods: before and after Pew Research Center first began asking this question in 2016.
Another possible tradeoff is the greater preference people now have for strong economies over good democracies. Only 30% of the public places more importance to a strong economy than to a good democracy, down from 40% who made that tradeoff in 2013.
Amid the growing controversy over anti-American rhetoric among some U.S. Muslims, the share of Americans who say they oppose how many Muslims in the U.S. are anti-American is now nearly as high today as it was in 2002, when the Pew Research Center first asked this question.
Currently, 47% of Americans say at least half or all Muslims in the U.S. oppose how many Muslims in the U.S. say they mourn Sept. 11, 2001.

Democrats (59%) far outweigh Republicans (29%) when it comes to the belief that Muslims oppose how many Americans mourn the 9/11 attacks. Republicans also have a majority when it comes to how many Muslims oppose how many Americans say terrorists are responsible for the 9/11 attacks.
A person who speaks Arabic but does not have excellent speaking, reading or writing skills in that language may be classified in the Arabic-speaking group. The number of refugees admitted to the U.S. in fiscal 2017 was 11,000, or 4.1% of all refugees admitted to the U.S. that fiscal year, according to U.S. Department of Homeland Security (DHS) data. The top three countries of origin for refugees admitted to the U.S. in fiscal 2017 were Somalia (10,000), Nepal (6,000) and Kenya (4,000).
The Hispanic population in the United States is growing rapidly, but at a slower rate than earlier in the century. The Hispanic population grew from 13.2 million in 1980 to 21.4 million in 2007, according to the Pew Hispanic Center. The growth was driven by the increase in the number of immigrants from Latin America, especially Mexico, Central America and South America. The Hispanic population is projected to double by 2025, and the Hispanic share of the population is projected to increase from 30% today to 40% by 2025.
The Hispanic population is a growing share of the population. The Hispanic population is projected to rise from 19.5% of the population in 2010 to 23.5% in 2025. The Hispanic share of the population is projected to increase from 17.5% today to 20.5% by 2025.
Across all surveys conducted by Pew Research Center, opinions of the federal government and its agencies have grown more negative in recent years. For example, in 1997, 68% had a favorable view of the federal government and 38% had an unfavorable view. In 2001, 63% held a favorable view of the federal government and 33% unfavorable. In 2013, just 28% had a favorable view of the federal government and 63% unfavorable.
Human%%Success asked adults in 2011 about their experiences remembering the day they were born and say they know where they were when 10 other major events occurred. The 9/11 attacks came when an adult was 13. Just before the assassination of President John F. Kennedy came when an adult was 17.
Majorities of Americans today say they remember where they were at the time of the Kennedy assassination or the day of the 9/11 attacks. Americans born when the Kennedy shooting occurred say they were in the room at 97%, while those born when the 9/11 attacks occurred say they were in the parking lot at 91%. Significantly more say they know where they were when the moon landed than when Kennedy was assassinated. Young people are more likely than older adults to say they remember the day the moon landed.
Millennials have become the largest generation in the labor force in the United States, and the growing number of young adults entering the workforce has had a major impact on the American job market.
Millennials make up 41% of the labor force, or 59 million workers, this year, making them the largest generation in the workforce. Booms that dominated the labor market during the Great Recession are now fading as the number of young adults working or looking for work has surpassed the number of older Boomers and Gen Xers.
The partisan differences over home broadband are not as large when it comes to cellphone services. Overall, Republicans (54%) and Democrats (48%) hold similar views, but Democrats are slightly more likely to say home internet (62%) is a government responsibility, while Republicans are more likely to say it is not (52%).
Oil leaks continue to dominate the public’s news agenda. News about the Gulf Coast oil leaks now make up the top story in Americans’ news consumption, even though the story has received relatively little coverage. Currently, 46% say they are following news about the leaks very closely; the next most closely followed stories are the economy (15%), the Afghanistan war (7%), and the elections (5%). Roughly three-in-ten (32%) say they are following this news closely, but only about one-in-ten (11%) listed it as their top story.
News coverage of the Gulf Coast oil leaks is also relatively wide and spread: 18% of news coverage devoted to the oil leaks was focused on the U.S. government’s response to the leaks, while 46% focused on the environmental damage caused by the leaks.
Institutional knowledge is also a challenge for younger voters. About a quarter (25%) of registered voters younger than age 30 say they know at least nothing at all or have no answer about the candidates for governor in their district or state representatives (who are themselves among the most politically engaged Americans). By comparison, 49% of voters ages 30 to 49, and 59% of those 50 and older, say they know at least somewhat about the statewide candidates.
Younger voters are also less likely than their older counterparts to support one party over the other. About half (50%) of voters younger than age 30 say they support the Democratic candidate, while about as many support the Republican candidate (50%). And younger voters are less likely than older voters to say they vote for either party, although Republicans still hold a modest edge.
Women had a slightly higher voter turnout rate in 2016 than men, but the difference was modest. The U.S. Census Bureau reported that 63% of women and 59% of men cast ballots. Women voted at slightly higher rates than men in 2016, but the difference was modest: 64% of women voted compared to 62% of men.
Black immigrants have higher importance on this list than Asians, according to the survey. Black workers (32%) are more important than Asians (22%), while Asian workers (24%) are less important. Among Hispanic workers, Hispanics are less important than Asians (21% v. 26%), and Black immigrants are less important than Hispanics (22% vs. 20%).
Among white workers, Black immigrants have higher importance than Asians (26% vs. 21%), and Hispanic workers are less important (22% vs. 20%). Asian workers are less important than white workers (20% vs. 26%).
Among teachers, a 50% majority say that modern technologies make it easier for them to shape and improve student writing. Fewer teachers (just 31%) see these tools as having a negative impact on their ability to shape student writing.
While the public has long held the view that immigration strengthens the country, it is largely divided on the issue today. Republicans an Democrats draw equally wide margins on the question.
Since the Great Recession began, the number of Latinos living in countries around the world has increased by 46%, compared with 38% of Latinos living during the 2007-2009 recession, according to a new analysis by the Pew Research Center’s Population Research Center. The increase in Latino populations during the current recession is even greater, by 50%.
The increase in Latino populations since the onset of the Great Recession is the result of a combination of several factors. The Latino population grew rapidly following the onset of the recession, but has since slowed since mid-2014. The number of Latinos living in countries during the Great Recession has increased by 46% since 2009, but the number of Latinos living in Latin America has declined by 15% since then.
Three-in-ten (31%) have a favorable impression of Michelle Obama.
As had been the case during most of Obama’s presidency, more view him favorably than unfavorably. Currently, 51% hold a favorable view of the first lady and 37% have an unfavorable view. In January of this year, 62% held a favorable view of Michelle Obama.
Americans in their 50s and beyond – including Millennials and Silents – are somewhat more likely than younger cohorts to say the U.S. stands above all other countries Si. For example, 59% of Silents self identifying as U.S. in the past or currently say the U.S. “stands above all other countries.”
Younger adults – those in their 20s and 30s – also overwhelmingly say their country is the greatest.
By contrast, Silients themselves are less likely than younger cohorts to say the U.S. is the greatest country in the world. About four-in-ten Sients (43%) say Si nations are “greatest country, along with others.” Fewer Millennials (32%), Gen Xers (30%) and Boomers (34%) – and Silents (46%) – express this view.
The Germans and the British are more likely to see the current economic situation as good than any other European publics. A median of 55% in Germany and 47% in the UK say this, according to a spring 2016 Pew Research Center survey.
By contrast, more now describe the 2016 campaign as too negative than did do so in 2004 (71% vs. 59%). To the extent that Americans surveyed in 2004 described the campaign as too negative, so did just 43%.
A new Pew Research Center survey of Americans shows that highly religious Americans are more likely than others to say they would not want to have a genetically modified baby. But among adults with relatively low religious commitment, many would also say they would not want to have a modified baby. For example, 50% in a high religious commitment group say they would not want to have a modified baby, while 64% in a medium commitment group say they would not want to have a modified baby. Among low-religious-commitment Americans, just 63% say they would not want to have a modified baby.
Despite rising numbers of immigrants, median age of Hispanic immigrants has remained relatively low since 1980, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of 2010 and 2000 data from the American Community Survey. In fact, median age of foreign born Hispanics fell to 19 years in 2014, according to the analysis, which is based on a new methodology that takes into account the fact that immigrants are not all born at the same time.
Immigrants have a median age of 45 years, more than 20 years higher than the median age of U.S.-born Hispanics (19 years), according to the analysis. Immigrants have also been settling in the U.S. earlier in the past two decades. In 1980, the median age of immigrants was 38 years, while it was 41 years in 2014.
Economic expectations trace back to last year; perceptions bleak
The public remains skeptical about the economy and its prospects for the next year. At about half (53%), a Palembang-based survey upvoted the economy in 2011, but the percentage grew to 63% in the following year. Democrats’ expectations for the economy have remained more positive throughout this period; 67% of Democrats expect the economy to be better a year from now. Among Republicans, 47% expect conditions to be better next year.
44% of U.S. adults have a great deal of confidence in private space companies, 36% have some confidence and 14% have a not at all confident view same analysis of how many millions of dollars private space companies have spent developing rockets and spacecraft, and conducting basic research and increasing knowledge of the universe.
Democrats on on-going economic troubles are following news about the troubled economy very closely; 49% say they followed this very closely, 13% say this is the story they followed most closely.
Democrats living in states with oil refineries are the only regions above 30% following this very closely. Lower EEUities in these regions are more likely to say they followed this very closely; 13% of those living in the Midwest said the oil leak was the news they followed most closely.
Republican leanings among Cuban American registered voters are especially pronounced. In 2020, the majority of Cubans identified or lean Democratic in their party identification, compared with a much smaller share (38%) of non-Cuban Hispanics. The partisan leanings of Cubans and other Hispanic registered voters were similar to those of non-Hispanic Hispanics.
The Senate confirmed Democratic Justice Elena Kagan’s nomination to the Supreme Court on Feb. 11, and Democrats now control not just one but six of the nine seats currently held by Republicans on the Supreme Court. But Republicans have appointed more women to the nation’s top court than any other president in history.
Trump appointed a total of 28 female Article III judges – two Supreme Court justices and 26 appellate judges – more than any other Democrat president in history. Obama appointed 22 female Article III judges, more than any other Republican president in history.
Then, when it came to views of the impact of the outbreak on journalism, a Pew Research Center survey conducted in April 2020 found that a majority of Americans (76%) at that time said a great deal or somewhat that journalists had not had to change the way they reported due to the outbreak. The survey also found that conservatives were more likely than liberals to think this: 22% of Republicans and GOP leaners and 48% of liberal Democrats said this.
Even so, fewer than half of Americans (45%) are very or somewhat confident that Mueller conducted a fair investigation into Russian involvement in the 2016 election. That marks a slight improvement from December 2017, but there has not been much change since January 2015 when roughly half (50%) were confident the special counsel had conducted a fair probe.
On the other hand, 65% of Democrats see the problem of gun violence as a very big one to the point where 23% say it is a “small” or “big” problem for the country. In contrast, 87% of Republicans say laying gun violence as a very big problem, but just 13% see it as a very big problem.
Democrats are also more divided than Republicans when it comes to how much of an issue laying gun violence as a problem is. Roughly half of Democrats (55%) say laying gun violence as a very big problem, compared with 62% of Republicans who share a similar view.
The chart below shows the most popular types of apps among recent U.S. app purchasers. It is based on questions in the Pew Research Center’s biennial American Trends Survey conducted in December 2009. Pew Research Center surveys all adults in the U.S. who have downloaded an app in the 30 days prior to the survey. The sample includes 1,362 adults ages 18 and older.
However, AAS scientists also overwhelmingly rate the issue as a major problem for science in the U.S. Almost nine-in-ten AAS scientists (91%) say “this is a major problem” or “it is a problem,” while only 14% say the issue is not a problem or do not know how to answer the question.
A new Pew Research Center analysis of government data finds that the number of unaccompanied minors crossing the U.S.-Mexico border has been growing rapidly in recent years. In fiscal year 2013, there were 46,802 apprehensions of unaccompanied minors at the border; by fiscal year 2014, the number had jumped to 58,673, and by fiscal year 2015 it reached 78,121 apprehensions.
China, Brazil, India and Mexico are all top destinations for foreign visitors with expired visas, but Canada and the U.S. are the most popular for Americans themselves. About nine-in-ten foreign visitors to the U.S. were U.S.-born, Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. Department of Homeland Security data found.
For example, 60% of Americans say that in their community jobs are difficult to find, while just 23% say plenty of jobs are available and 6% say good jobs are difficult to find. malheureously, Republicans are significantly more likely than Democrats to say jobs are difficult (64% to 25%), and the 51% to say good jobs are difficult to find is 14 percentage points less likely. Republicans are also less likely than Democrats (55% to say plenty of jobs are available, while 39% say good jobs are).
Nearly seven-in-ten Republicans (74%) and Democrats (69%) say that good jobs are difficult to find in their community. Nonetheless, 43% of Republicans say good jobs are difficult to find, while 42% of Democrats say the same.
Yet there are differences in the views of the availability of good jobs. Roughly four-in-ten Republicans (43%) say that good jobs are difficult to find in their community, while just 39% of Democrats say the same.
Hillary Clinton’s growing popularity among Democrats is especially strong among women and white women. Among women, roughly six-in-ten voters are hopeful they will have a chance to vote for Clinton in the 2016 election; after the Iowa caucus, 10% of women actively looked for a chance to vote in the first primary.
The public has a relatively positive view of the way Obama is handling the economy. Currently 52% approve of the way he is handling the economy and 43% disapprove.
These ratings have improved somewhat since Obama’s approval rating stood at 42% last September. Obama’s ratings have been in negative territory since February 2012, shortly after the death of Osama bin Laden.
The incumbent advantage among Republicans has narrowed somewhat since September; currently, 52% of incumbent Republicans have a excellent or good incumbent impression while 46% say they have a fair or poor one.
Republicans also now hold a narrower advantage over opinion leaders on their party’s candidates. As recently as September, their advantage was 10 points greater.
Mothers are hit harder than fathers by job changes. Fully 42% of mothers, compared with 28% of fathers, say they have reduced their work hours in order to care for a child or family member, while 39% of mothers say they have taken a significant amount of time off from work for personal reasons, according to a recent Pew Research Center survey of 4,000 Americans entering or in the middle of a job change. (The survey was conducted in October and was not intended to capture the impact of the Great Recession on joblessness.)
This question was posed to experts and the general public, and the responses were tallied by Pew Research Center. In 2020, when they look at the big picture and consider my personal friendships, marriages, and other relationships, I see that the internets has mostly been a mostly a negative force in shaping the world of social relations. And this will only grow more true in the future.
When it comes to college, majorities across each generation say it has been worth it. Most college graduates in each generation say that attending college has been worth the money and effort that their family has put into their education.
Public interest in the economy continues to be substantial, although news coverage of the economy has fallen as coverage of the election and terrorist incidents has increased. Roughly seven-in-ten Americans follow news about the economy (72% very closely) and roughly six-in-ten say they followed this story very closely (61%). A separate survey by Pew Research Center’s nationally representative American Trends Panel asked a sample question about the week’s five top stories and the economy was in the top group: News of the election and the terrorist attacks made up the top three stories (along with the economy and conditions in Haiti).
According to the Census Bureau’s Current Population Survey, outstanding outstanding student loans held overdue and in default as of March 31, 2010 totaled $1.6 trillion. Outstanding student loans held overdue and in default constituted 19% of outstanding debt in March 2010.
In a survey exploring public opinion about immigration released by the Pew Research Center in May 2015, shenanigans asked 3,777 adults 16 and older to describe immigrants “burdening the country by taking jobs, housing and health care,” or “strengthening the country through hard work and talents.”
The question was answered by more than half of Americans. Some 51% said immigrants burden the country by taking jobs, while 41% said immigrants strengthen the country through hard work and talents. Partisanship was split; roughly 30% of Republicans said immigrants burden the country, while another 32% said immigrants strengthen the country. Independents had a different view, saying immigrants burden the country by taking jobs (27%), while the rest of them described immigrants strengthening the country through hard work and talents (62%).
pyp_MentalIllness
The 2013 Pew Research Center survey on immigrants and Hispanics in the U.S. finds that the majority of Hispanics (62%) and Asian Americans (47%) say the immigration system works pretty well or result in major changes to the country. Only 34% of Hispanics and 45% of Asian Americans say that the system results in “completely new changes.”
People are generally satisfied with the way democracy in their country is working, but democracy is split along generational lines. Across the 34 countries surveyed, a median of 52% say they are satisfied with the way democracy in their country is working, while 43% say they are not satisfied. But this gap narrows considerably when people are asked about the role of elected officials and the role of voting in how the government runs things. A median of 64% in an country say they are satisfied with the way elected officials serve what people like them think (compared with 49% who say they are not satisfied). And a median of 50% say that people say something about their own country’s government runs through voting.
As Americans follow news about the economy, they also remain angry about news coverage. Just 58% of Americans have heard “have at least heard a few times” have reported that they have had trouble understanding the economy due to the reporting of negative economic news, while 41% have heard at least a few times that these economic news reports have made them angry; just 13% of Americans have heard economic news reported negatively described as confusing.
Despite the fact that Ukraine has been a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) since 2004, Russians remain skeptical about joining the alliance. A Pew Research Center survey conducted in Russia in early 2008 found that seven-in-ten Russians opposed Ukraine’s joining NATO, despite the alliance’s recent expansion to include Ukraine’s eastern neighbor, Georgia. Opposition to NATO membership in Russia is even stronger than it was in 2007, when Pew Research Center conducted a similar survey in Georgia. Supporters of NATO in Russia have grown by 15 percentage points since the last time the survey was conducted in Georgia. Currently, 72% of Russians oppose Ukraine’s membership.
For most Americans who are affiliated with a church, affiliating religious service attendance is associated with support for Trump over Clinton. Among voters who attend weekly or less often, about half say they plan to vote for Trump over Clinton. Among those who attend less than weekly, support shifts slightly, with about four-in-ten saying they will vote for Trump over Clinton. (For more on this analysis, see “Faith and politics.”)
Seven years ago, through a series of surveys, the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press tracked voters’ interest in the 2008 presidential campaign and their ability to keep up with the election news at large. In June 2008, roughly six-in-ten Americans (58%) said they had a “lot to think about” when they thought about the election, and seven-in-ten (72%) said they were following election news very closely.
This survey asks Americans how they see medical care, and medical professionals more generally, in action, rather than how they see health care more generally. The Pew Research Center for the People & the Press asked 50 Americans how much they agreed or disagreed with 12 leading statements about medical care and medical professionals, and overall views about medical care. About three-quarters of Americans (74%) say medical doctors take care about the best interests of their patients “all or most of the time.” Slightly more (82%) rate doctors as being fair and accurate, while about as many (48%) say doctors recommend treatments “all or most of the time.”
Only around a quarter of Americans (25%) say the CDC and other public health officials change what they say in public statements. Fully 67% of the public says these officials change their statements to reflect changes in the public about the coronavirus outbreak.
The news media are widely seen as getting facts right about the outbreak; large majorities say that local news media (50%) and the CDC (58%) get them right about the outbreak about as well as they do about the outbreak overall. But there are differences in how people view the governor’s administration getting facts right about the outbreak. Only around a quarter (23%) say the governor’s administration gets facts right about the outbreak, while a larger share (60%) say it gets facts right about the administration.
Kenyan adults are very likely to own a cell phone and are equally likely to use it to make or receive mobile payments. A majority of adults (56%) say they regularly make or receive mobile payments on their cell phone, and another 26% do not own a cell phone but use mobile payments.
During the Pew Research Center’s early Gopacare survey, partisans tended to have more favorable opinions of the Supreme Court than unfavorables rode the bus. In the current survey, 72% express a favorable view of the Supreme Court, up from 56% in February.
Nearly three-quarters (75%) of Republicans had a favorable opinion of the Supreme Court in the last post-Gopari survey in February, but just 45% favored the court in the current poll.
The link between major and current job is similar across most majors. Specialization, however, can have a larger impact on public opinion research. For example, psychology majors who majored in social science or liberal arts were roughly twice as likely as those who majored in science or engineering to say their current job was related to their major in college (28% vs. 12%).
With many households these days containing a spouse or partner and a child younger than 18, half wald to provide most or all of the food needed for the household. Roughly eight-in-ten unmarried women living without a spouse or partner, including those living with a partner, said they were the ones who do most of the food preparation, and a similar share said they do most of the food shopping, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of 2014 and 2015 U.S. Census Bureau American Time Use Survey data. Specifically, roughly eight-in-ten women living without a spouse or partner said they were the ones who do most of the food preparation and roughly eight-in-ten women living without a spouse or partner said they do most of the food shopping.
Latinos who are not citizens and who are unauthorized immigrants are less likely than U.S.-born Hispanics to attend religious services twice a week or more. Roughly a third of Latinos who are not citizens and not legal permanent residents say they attend religious services twice a week or more annually, versus roughly four-in-ten Latinos who are legal permanent residents and the general public (38%).
Carriers of home care also provide help to older adults. Some 44% of home caregivers provide help to an older adult other than their own, indicating they are providing care to more than one person. And 47% of home caregivers have been providing help to an older adult for more than one year.
Two summers ago, Republicans had a favorable view of the GOP. Then, GOP ratings dropped sharply. Currently, only 11% approve of the way the Republican Party handles its job in Congress and only 38% approve of the GOP’s job performance in general.
Republicans’ views of the GOP are now less positive than they were in July 2013, but this is the first time their opinion has been less positive than 38% say the party shares their values with the GOP. Previously, about four-in-ten (37%) approved of the GOP’s values.
The Pew Research Center Global Attitudes survey of opinion in the U.S. and its partners was conducted in early 2012, before the death of Osama bin Laden and the emergence of the Islamic State in Iraq and elsewhere. Nonetheless, Muslims in countries such as Pakistan (4%) and Jordan (5%) are among the least likely to use the internet. This is despite the fact that Pakistanis themselves use social networking sites in small numbers.
About six-in-ten Mexicans (59%) identify as Catholics, while a similar share identify as Protestants (61%). About three-quarters (74%) of all Mexicans live in Mexico City.
As the chart below shows, the top decile of households accounted for about two-thirds of total household consumption in 2010.
In November, 2020 Trump supporters were divided on whether ordinary citizens can do a lot to influence the government in Washington if they are willing to make the effort. Around six-in-ten Trump supporters said ordinary citizens can “a lot” (27%) or “a little bit” (30%) if they are willing to make the effort. Fewer said this (22%) and still a substantial minority (40%) said ordinary citizens can “there’s not much ordinary citizens can do to influence the government in Washington.”
Canadians are also more likely than their French counterparts and the British to say religion is very important in their lives. While 12% of Canadians and 21% of the British agree, 29% of French adults do so.
The survey also finds that Americans are largely focused on the economy. Nearly nine-in-ten (78%) name the economy as one of the two “top priority” issues for the president and Congress.
Netflix has been growing in popularity in recent years, and its streaming service is now the top video platform in the U.S. according to a recent report by comScore. In fact, Netflix has surpassed Hulu as the top streaming service in the U.S., according to the report. In 2015, Netflix accounted for 12% of total U.S. streaming service usage, compared with 17% of total usage in 2016 and 20% of total usage in 2017.
The new survey asked about 10 different types of groups and organizations Americans could select from to describe the groups or clubs they participate in. The results suggest that Americans participate in a wide range of groups and organizations, from religious groups to book clubs to parent groups to veterans groups. About a third of Americans, in fact, participate in more than one of these groups or organizations.
What is the best type of education system? In general, people in advanced economies are more likely than those in emerging and developing countries to prioritize the importance of the schools their country has. For example, 24% of Germans say the schools in their country’s educational system are very important, compared with just 9% of those in less-advanced nations, according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in 2012.
People in the Netherlands are also more likely than their counterparts in less-advanced nations to prioritize the importance of the schools their country educates its students in. Roughly half (54%) say the schools in the Netherlands are important, compared with about a third (30%) in Greece, 28% in Sweden and 26% in Poland.
Europe attitudes toward the U.S. economic and political position have rebounded since 2014, five years after the economic crisis hit Europe hard. Europeans now increasingly perceive China as the world’s leading economic power, albeit cautiously.
Pew Research Center surveys conducted this spring across five European nations show that in France, Germany, Poland, Spain and the UK, a median of 40% now say the U.S. is the world’s leading economic power. In 2014, a median of just 34% across Europe said the U.S. was the world’s leading economic power.
Public perceptions of China have also improved in recent years. A median of 57% across France now say China is the world’s leading economic power, up from 44% in 2014. In contrast, just 35% of the British, Americans and Chinese now say the U.S. is the world’s leading economic power.
Foreign-born youths are more likely than native-born youths to get into a fight in the past year (7% vs. 1%). And they are more likely to have a friend or acquaintance in a gang (17% vs. 4%). Nevertheless, native-born youths are worse off than foreign-born youths on other measures.
As the world celebrates the 60th anniversary of the end of World War II, publics around the world continue to express concern about the threat posed by international corruption. A 2014 Pew Research Center survey asked people whether corrupt leaders are a very big problem in their country, and 56% reported this as a top five issue. Concerns about corruption are particularly strong in Africa, where a median 89% say it is a very big problem.
As in 2013, people in the Middle East and Africa are more likely than those in the other regions to see corruption as a very big problem. This is especially true in the Middle East, where the share saying the issue is a top priority is 71%.
Beginning in the 1980s, the number of unauthorized immigrants grew at a steady rate, but in recent years the rate of increase has leveled off. In 2013, there were about 11.3 million unauthorized immigrants, down from 12 million in 2012. The rate of increase has leveled off since 2005, when there were about 9.4 million unauthorized immigrants, up from 7.9 million in 2005.
The number of unauthorized immigrants has leveled off for several reasons. The number of unauthorized immigrants has been growing at a slower rate since 2005 because of a decline in the number of undocumented immigrants born in the United States. In 2013, there were about 8 million unauthorized immigrants born in the U.S., down from 9.4 million in 2005. The number of unauthorized immigrants born outside the United States has also been falling since 2005, although at a slower rate. In 2013, there were about 4.5 million unauthorized immigrants born outside the United States, down from 5.7 million in 2005.
The annual increase in employment of foreign born Hispanics in the construction industry has been steadily increasing since the beginning of the recession. The average annual increase in employment from quarter to quarter has ranged from 2600 to 3400, but has averaged about 3000 in the most recent quarter.
Overall, Americans’ impressions of the job government is doing about stemming the threat of terrorism have turned negative in recent years. Currently, just 26% rate these ratings “very/fairly well” while 72% say “not too/not at all well.”
This is the first time in nearly two decades of polling that ratings of government job performance on the issue of terrorism have turned negative. In December 2011, shortly after the death of Osama bin Laden, ratings of government job performance on the threat of terrorism ranged from 74% “very/fairly well” to just 14% “not too/not at all well.”
A 2014 survey by Pew Research Center found a wide partisan divide in public views of scientific and technological developments, and a similar divide in the views of the AMA scientists. The most partisan divide arose on the issue of genetic engineering and gene manipulation, with 56% of Democrats and 35% of Republicans saying they were very informed about the issue, and 55% of AMA scientists saying they were very informed.
Many Germans believe that UN approval would make it too difficult to wage military action against international threats at home. When asked if the UN should have approval in the event of a military response to terrorism, 76% say that UN approval would make it too difficult to use military force to deal with international threats.
As the debate over gun policy intensifies in Washington ahead of the presidential election, Americans are divided on several issues related to guns and crime. Overall public opinion on the gun issue is positive: 56% say that owning a gun would lead to more crime, while only 29% think it would lead to fewer crime cases. Opinions on gun control vary by partisanship and ideology. Fewer than half of Republicans and Republican leaners (47%) and Republicans and Republican leaners who are enthusiastic about voting (54%) say owning a gun would lead to fewer cases of mass shootings. Republicans who are not Republican or who are Democratic or lean Democratic are more skeptical about the effect of gun ownership on crime. Conservative Republicans (52%) and moderate Republicans (54%) are more likely than liberal Republicans (64%) and Democratic leaners (64%) to think owning a gun would lead to more crime.
The views on the effect of gun ownership on mass shootings are more divided along partisan lines. Fewer than half of Republicans (42%) and Republican leaners (44%) say it would lead to fewer cases of mass shootings. Conservative Republicans are more likely than moderate and liberal Republicans to think owning a gun would lead to more cases
assistenza verso i dipartimenti: An overwhelming majority (52%) of the public has a favorable opinion of the Supreme Court.
Both the Pew Research Center/Canon survey in January 2015 and the one in July 2014 show that a majority of Americans continue to say family income relative to the cost of living is making them “fall behind” in life. Around half of Americans (55%) now say this, down slightly from 57% in July 2014. Meanwhile, 34% now say family income makes them go up “faster than they should.” Just 7% say family income makes them “fall behind” in life.
These findings are consistent with a nationwide study by Canon Research conducted in 2014. In that survey, 77% of Americans said they fell behind in life due to a lack of income. While falling behind is still a common sentiment, it has increased by 10 points since January 2014.
Respondents were asked whether or not they use cash for their typical purchases in their weekly budget; 41% said yes, and shenanigan shows that smaller income groups tend to be less likely to use cash for their typical purchases. Among women 45 and younger, 35% use cash for their typical purchases, compared with 22% among women ages 46 and older.
Concern about government surveillance of digital communications is particularly high among some of the most-used digital tools. downvotes as much as half (54%) of the public expresses very or somewhat concern about the potential for government surveillance of their own digital communications, including a similar portion (50%) who say they are very concerned about the surveillance potential targeting cell phones. Somewhat more are concerned with email messages and social media use. Roughly half of the public (50%) expresses concern about the possibility of government surveillance targeting cell phones and 47% express concern about surveillance targeting email messages. Fewer are concerned about surveillance targeting social media or mobile apps.
The U.S. Department of Homeland Security estimates that there are about 11.1 million unauthorized immigrants in the U.S., up from 10.9 million in 2013, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of the DHS data. This increase is largely due to a rise in the number of unauthorized immigrants born in Mexico, according to the DHS.
The survey also probed possible Democratic primary voters preferences. To start, Democrats were asked how much they would support a candidate who wanted to be “offer plans and programs similar to the Obama administration.” As it turns out, offering such plans and programs like that was not a factor that was at all common. Only about one-in-ten Democrats (12%) said a primary-voting voter would be at least a little more likely to support a candidate who wants to hear such plans and programs like the Obama administration.
Another option was a candidate who wanted to “compromise with the Republicans.” Again, offering plans and programs like that was not a factor that was at all common. Only about one-in-ten Democrats (14%) said they would be at least a little more likely to support a candidate who wants to compromise with the Republicans.
Anyone who opposes the death penalty receives positive marks from only 34% of blacks; about five-in-ten blacks (52%) oppose executions for murderers. About three-quarters of whites (74%) favor capital punishment; around three-in-ten whites (34%) oppose it. Blacks are far more likely than whites to favor the death penalty (52% vs. 34%), and blacks are more likely than whites to oppose it (59% vs. 36%). There is modest association between education and support for the death penalty among whites; Hispanics are about twice as likely as whites to favor capital punishment regardless of education.
Hispanic students are more likely than other racial and ethnic groups to attend public 2-year schools. In 2013, Hispanic students made up 48% of all public 2-year students (48% of all Hispanic students), and 34% of all black students (34% of all black students). By comparison, 63% of Hispanic college students enrolled in 4-year schools were public, while 63% of black students were private.
U.S. publics overwhelmingly see China as a threat. The public is also very concerned about the amount of debt held by China and the jobs that it is stealing from the U.S. For instance, 89% call it a very or somewhat serious problem that China is holding so much U.S. debt.
The Chinese are also being viewed less favorably. Roughly six-in-ten Americans (67%) view the amount of debt held by China as a moderately or very serious problem. Fewer than half as many (42%) say the same about the loss of U.S. jobs to China. And just 49% view China’s growing military power favorably.
Women have made inroads into Congress, but they are still outnumbered by men. In the current 115th Congress, 37 of the 59 voting members are women, or about 62% of the total.
The number of immigrants apprehended at the border by the U.S. Border Patrol has been falling since 2000, but the number of non-Mexicans apprehended has increased sharply in recent years, according to a new Pew Research Center analysis of government data.
Islam is an important part of many Muslim societies’ cultural and political lives. A new Pew Research Center survey of Muslims in 11 countries finds that while most people in Muslim countries have a favorable view of Islam, more say it is a bad influence than a good one.
A 25-nation survey of Muslims conducted by Pew Research in 2009 and 2010 shows that Muslims in Indonesia overwhelmingly see Islam’s influence in politics as a positive one. Some 91% of respondents have a favorable view of Islam’s influence in politics, the highest among the eleven countries surveyed.
People in Egypt are more divided. While 2% say Islam has a bad influence on politics, 15% say it is a good influence.
Among those surveyed in Nigeria, 8% say that Islam has a bad influence on politics, 10% say it is a good influence, and 78% say it is having no influence.
In Jordan, 14% say that Islam is playing a bad role in politics, 6% say it is playing a good role, and 74% say it is having no influence.
Another Pew Research Center survey of Americans conducted in 2012 found that internet use is on the rise among blacks and whites, and that cell phone ownership is increasing among Hispanics. Internet use is up to a median of 67% among adults. Internet use is now as common as it was in 2009, when internet use was at a median of 60%.
Pew Research Center surveys of the general public have found that cell phone ownership is increasing among Hispanics and whites. Roughly nine-in-ten Hispanics (88%) and 96% of whites say that they or someone they know owns a cellphone. Cell phone ownership is now at a median of 95% among Hispanics and 94% among whites.
Most Americans (65%) say the Republican and Democratic parties are very or somewhat committed to making sure elections are fair and accurate. Just 32% say the parties are not too committed, while two% say not at all.
Republican and Democratic voters also have very different views of the problems Americans face. About six-in-ten (57%) Democrats and Democratic-leaning leaners say that most people in urban communities don’t understand the problems facing urban residents, compared with about four-in-ten among Republicans and independents (39%). Similarly, about half of rural residents (54%) say that most people in rural communities don’t understand the problems facing rural residents, compared with 38% of democratic-leaning leaners and 47% of republican-leaning leaners.
Americans express favorable views of major technology companies in general. The survey also asked Americans to express their views about 11 major technology companies. About half of Americans (54%) said they favored the views of liberals over conservatives, while 43% said they favored the liberal cause over the conservative. Renée Liu, a researcher at the University of California, San Diego, analyzed the answers to this question and found that Americans generally perceive technology companies as beneficial to the liberal cause.
The public is closely divided on whether the Senate impeachment trial should result in Trump’s removal from office. While around a third (36%) say Trump’s time in office, or his run for president, would result in a trial, 46% disagree. Nearly as many (31%) think the trial should end without an impeachment vote.
Republicans and Democrats have widely different views on the Senate trial. Around seven-in-ten Republicans (75%) say they would support voting on Trump’s removal from office. Democrats, however, are more divided: While about half (51%) say they would vote to remove Donald Trump from office, 46% say they would not.
A relatively small share of Americans use voice assistants – defined as apps that can be accessed through a touch, swipe or other gesture input device. Today, 46% of U.S. adults use voice assistants on smartphones, aatguigu survey by Pew Research Center conducted May 1-15, 2017.
A new Pew Research Center survey of U.S. adults conducted June 15-17, 2019 finds that around half of the public (54%) oppose implicitly racial profiling, while 36% favor it. But, again, there are differences in public attitudes toward this practice by a number of factors, including race, gender and political affiliation.
About half of U.S. adults (54%) say law enforcement to use facial recognition technology to assess security threats in public spaces. Somewhat fewer (51%) find firms that automatically collect data on people’s attendance at their events to track their audience acceptable for use. Companies that do this automatically track their audience to measure their audience size and other metrics are also generally acceptable for use, though again, there are some differences by race and gender.
In a survey conducted in 2008, Pew Global Attitudes asked Americans to name the country with the greatest economy. Roughly three-in-ten (35%) Americans picked the U.S., while 16% named China, 7% Japan and 11% the European Union.
The Pew Research Center’s Internet & American Life Project has been tracking Americans’ listening to podcasts since 2006. Here are some key findings from the Pew Research Center survey:
The percentage of Americans who listen to podcasts has been rising steadily since Pew began tracking this data in 2006. As of May 2013, roughly two-in-five Americans (27%) listen to podcasts, and 21% listen to them often. The percentage of U.S. adults who listen to podcasts has steadily increased since the Pew Research Center began tracking this data in 2006.
In spite of the relatively low level of coverage of the 2012 election in a recent Pew Research Center survey, public interest in the economy remained steady. Roughly a quarter of Americans (23%) say they followed news about the economy very closely last week, ranking it behind news about the Weiner campaign (17%) and about the wildland fires in the West (11%).
The economic news was the public’s top story of the week, however; it received 23% of the newshole while being followed very closely by another 13%. The wildland fires received 4% of coverage.
The election campaign is the second most important story in the public’s eyes. Roughly one-in-five (17%) say they followed the campaign very closely; 4% say they followed this very closely.
Americans broadly see companies’ statements about race as a reflection of societal pressures rather than genuine concerns about the treatment of Black people in the country. Majorities of Americans say companies have done more than just five organizations making public statements about race or racial inequality. Roughly by a marginalkiller share, U.S. adults say “companies have done more than five things to make the company’s statements about race or racial inequality more responsive to the experiences of Black people in the country” in the past five years. Fewer Americans see companies’ statements as reflecting genuine concerns about the experiences of Black people in the country.
Many voters this year say they don’t have an argument to explain where they stand politically. Currently, 37% of registered voters say they have had a major argument about the 2016 election, while 62% say they haven’t.
About 70% of those saying 2017 will be worse said attitudes about the country and expectations for its economy would be worse than 2016. Looking ahead, people with hope about the new administration bear a different burden: 15% of those who anticipate a better president say 2017 will be worse, compared with 46% who anticipate it will be better.
Republicans’ expectation about 2018 is more positive: 56% say 2018 will be better than 2016, while around a quarter (23%) expect it worse.
The chart below shows the average number of online activities performed by home broadband users on a typical day in December 2005. This figure is based on a survey conducted by the Pew Internet & American Life Project of 2,000 U.S. adults who were internet users with home broadband connections. The survey was conducted December 2-9, 2005, among a nationally representative sample of 2,000 adults.
Russians nevertheless have a mixed record when it comes to accepting same-sex relationships. A 2015 Pew Research survey finds that a majority of Russians (72%) say homosexuality is “morally unacceptable” or “is not a moral issue.” Nine-in-ten Americans say the same thing.
Opinions on accepting homosexuality vary widely across the Russian federation. Fully 99% of Russians surveyed by Pew Research say accepting homosexuality is morally unacceptable or not an issue. On the other hand, 62% of Russians say accepting abortion is morally acceptable, while 25% say it is morally permissible and 10% say it is not a moral issue.
The expectation of a female president is now the top reason that women voters say they favor a candidate. A separate survey by Pew Research Center conducted Nov. 10-14 among 2,948 U.S. voters among Democrats, women and men shows that 79% of voters say they favor a woman president in their lifetime.
The expectation of electing a female president is now the top reason women early voters say they favor Clinton over Trump. A majority of voters who have intersper among voters who plan to support Clinton early this year say they favor a female president in their lifetime (61%). Men and women voters report similar favorables, 66% and 67%, respectively.
Disputes with China have posed a threat to the U.S.’s security interests in the region. But while Americans are concerned about China’s growing power, public concern about territorial disputes with China remains low. When asked about China’s territorial claims in the Philippines, Vietnam and Japan, the share of Americans who say they are not too or not at all concerned about the situation amounts to just 16% across the 13 Pew Research Center surveys included in the study. Meanwhile, the share who are very concerned ranges from country to country. Across the 13 Pew surveys, the share of Americans expressing concern ranges from as high as 59% in the Philippines to as low as 23% in Japan.
U.S. adults who agree with or lean toward the Democratic Party who say it is “very hard” to tell the difference between what is true and what is not true when a elected official speaks to them. Americans who agree with or lean toward the Republican Party also are more likely than those who express Democratic soft or moderate love to say it is “somewhat” or “hard” to tell the difference between what is true and what is not true when a elected official speaks to them.
In general, Americans in our survey who express soft or moderate love to the Republican Party are more likely than those who express strong love or those who express moderate love to say it is “very hard” to tell the difference between what is true and what is not true when a elected official speaks to them.
Americans who agree with or lean toward the Democratic Party are more likely than those who express strong love or moderate love to say it is “somewhat” or “hard” to tell the difference between what is true and what is not true when a elected official speaks to them. Similarly, those who express strong love or moderate love to the Democratic Party are more likely than those who express soft or no love to the Democratic Party to say it is “very hard”
Republicans and Republican-leaning voters are more engaged than Democrats and Democratic leaners at this point in the campaign. The 2015 survey, conducted during the early months of the presidential campaign, was in advance of acclaiming the field of candidates.
Republicans are also more likely to have given the candidates a lot to think about in the three years leading up to the election. In the pre-campaign period, Republicans and GOP-leaning voters gave the candidates a lot to think about. About six-in-ten (59%) of those studying global issues or politics said they had thought a lot about the candidates in fall 2007. In the pre-campaign period, just 46% of Democrats did. In the three years leading up to the election, 81% of Democrats said they had thought a lot about the candidates. Roughly three-in-ten (28%) Republicans said the same.
In 2013, Puerto Rico residents headed to the U.S. mainland outnumbered those headed to Puerto Rico on the island by more than 10,000 (72,000 out, 51,000 in). The trend has been the case for at least a decade.
And while Republicans appear more satisfied than ever with their candidates’ general choice, they are also more sanguine about the quality of the candidates’ nominating performance. Today, 59% of Republican voters say the people voting in their primaries and senatorial elections (including party-affiliated candidates) have at least an excellent (9%) or good (54%) impression of the candidates. This is up from 49% in 2011 and 50% in 2007, when the question first was asked.
Many people who plan to migrate also have experienced some of these steps en route. For instance, around six-in-ten Nigerians shenanfered after losing their home in the Boko Haram’s Boko Haram’s conflict in the northeastern Nigerian state of Borno, according to a Pew Research Center study. Nigerians who want to migrate are similar to Kenyans and Tunisians in their financial circumstances and steps taken to prepare for the move. For instance, nearly six-in-ten Nigerians who plan to migrate have saved or borrowed money to migrate, while similar shares of Tunisians and Kenyans have saved or borrowed money to move abroad.
This report examines the impact of advertising on the online environment, and the impact of advertising on the online environment. Advertising is a major part of the online environment, and the Pew Internet & American Life Project has collected data on the frequency with which online adults click on advertisements. This report examines the frequency of clicking on advertisements, and the impact of advertising on the online environment.
Americans in 2007 were much more willing than they were in 2006 to part with their cell phone for a variety of reasons, particularly social networking sites, email, and collaboration tools. Today, fewer than one-in-five Americans (19%) would be hard-pressed to part with their cell phone for digital collaboration, up from 40% in 2006.
In assessments of Congress’ efforts on this front, Americans see more laughs than goodwill. About six-in-ten (59%) say that in its first 100 days, the Republican-led Congress kept its promise of more than what was expected. Just 18% say the Democratic-led Congress kept its promise.
Views of Congress’ performance on this issue are shaped by partisan affiliation. Republicans and Republican-leaning independents, by contrast, are more likely than Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents to say Congress has kept its promise of more than what was expected.
A new Pew Research Center survey conducted in December finds that while many Americans look forward to the holidays, a substantial minority — 39% — celebrate Santa Claus and his helpers during the winter months in order to enjoy the company of their family and friends.
A 2013 Pew Research Center survey asked Americans which of five holiday themes they looked forward to most. While most Americans (69%) said they looked forward to spending time with their family and friends during the holidays, still, among these five themes, “the sight of people being happy and joyful” was the top answer.
A total of 11,000 refugees entered the United States from Muslim-majority countries in fiscal year 2018, accounting for 1% of all refugee admissions, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. State Department data. The top five countries of origin were the Democratic Republic of Congo, Burma (Myanmar), Ukraine, Eritrea and Ethiopia.
New Zealand’s government has long been a staunch supporter of religious freedom, and its position has changed little in recent years. In 2016, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of government restrictions on religion in 2015, New Zealand had the fifth least government restriction on religion of any 30 nations surveyed — a score of 0.5. (The U.S. scored 15.) New Zealand also had the lowest GRIF score of 2.8, compared with 4.0 in the Asia-Pacific region and 2.8 in the global average.
Here’s another look at how student debt affects older households. The Pew Research Center’s Social Survey of Young Adults, which was conducted in 2010, found that among 20- to 34-year-olds, 43% of those with outstanding student debt were earning less than $30,000 a year, and 31% were earning $30,000 to $49,000. Those earning $50,000 or more were much less likely to have outstanding student debt (10% and 10%, respectively).
In Pew Research Center surveys conducted by early 2019, about six-in-ten white evangelical Protestants (64%) approve of the way Trump is handling his job, while a similar share (60%) says they disapprove. In comparison, Catholic church attendance rates vary widely by religious affiliation, but among white mainline Protestants, approval is above 70%.
Democrats overwhelmingly see the news media as a force for good, but support for that takes a backseat among Republicans. Fewer than half of Democrats (44%) said in a survey conducted June 9-18 that the national news media has a positive effect on the way things are going in the country, compared with just 10% of Republicans who said the same. Currently, 39% of Democrats say the news media has a positive effect, compared with 24% of Republicans. The share of Democrats saying the news media has a positive effect has increased modestly among both Democrats and Republicans since 2015.
A majority of Hispanics (64%) in Texas voted for the Democratic candidate in Texas’s 22nd congressional district race for the November 2018 midterms, according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted by Edison Research and KSLA-FM in Texas. By comparison, only 35% of Texas Hispanics voted for the GOP candidate, Greg Stafallo, in the district.
Foreign policy surveys also consistently show that television remains the dominant source of news. Currently, 59% of Americans say they get news mainly from television. That is down from 74% in 2007. The shares getting a national product of both newspapers and radio have remained steady since 2007.
Black Americans continue to have a higher death rate from drug overdoses than whites do, but the racial gap has narrowed since 2015, according to a CDC WONDER report released today.
Between 2015 and 2016, the death rate for black Americans increased by 40%, compared with a 10% increase among whites. The Hispanic death rate increased by 40% between 2015 and 2016, while it increased by 11% among blacks.
Younger teens are more likely than older teens to own portable gaming devices and cell phones; 95% of teens ages 12 and 13 have a portable gaming device and 81% a cell phone. Minorities of ages 12-17 own portable gaming devices at lower rates (41%), but still a majority of teens (55%) own cell phones.
White teens working in the summer are less likely than teens of other races and ethnicities to be in school. This difference is especially pronounced among Hispanic teens and teens in the 16- to 19-year-old range. Among teens ages 16 to 19, 31.8% of white teens are employed in the summer, compared with just 19.1% of Hispanic teens and 21.8% of Asian teens. This difference persists even after controlling for race and ethnicity.
The Muslim population is expected to outnumber Christians by 2035. The Muslim population currently stands at 226 million, while Christians are estimated at 232 million. By 2050, the Muslim population will be larger than Christians by 10 million.
There is a wide majority majority of Americans (54%) say climate change is affecting their local community some or very much. This includes about seven-in-ten in the East (85%) and Midwest (87%). In the Pacific states of Hawaii (72%), California (74%) and Oregon (77%), these shares are slightly lower. In the Western Mountain states, these shares are slightly higher (81%). There is also broad public agreement that the impacts of climate change are “very much” occurring in their community (82%). Views are particularly positive in the East and Midwest, with about half of Americans citing climate change as affecting their local community “a great deal.”
There must be something about a person following news about the coronavirus outbreak very or fairly closely that leads people to spend more time talking about it with others. About half of American adults (58%) follow COVID-19 news very or fairly closely, and while a smaller share do this fairly closely (36%) it is still a significant share. And when it comes to personal conversations with others, Americans with high levels of COVID-19 news consumption are more likely than those with less news consumption to say they most or almost all of the time talk about the outbreak with others, no matter how closely.
Confidence in the legal system is especially low among Hispanics and blacks, and it is also lower among whites than it is among blacks or Hispanics. About half of whites (53%) and about four-in-ten Hispanics (41%) and blacks (37%) say they have a great deal or a fair amount of confidence in the legal system in their community to do a good job enforcing the law.
White Hispanics are more likely than blacks or whites to say they have just some or very little confidence in the legal system to do a good job enforcing the law in their community. About seven-in-ten whites (70%), Hispanics (69%), and Hispanics who say they are of Hispanic origin (67%) say they have a just some or very little confidence in police officers to do a good job enforcing the law. Fewer Hispanics say this about blacks (71%) and blacks who say they are of Hispanic origin (68%).
Americans also generally have more confidence in courts to treat Hispanics fairly. About half of Hispanics (49%), whites (73%) and blacks (77%) say courts in their community will treat Hispanics fairly. Fewer Hispanics say this than whites or blacks.
The public also ranks economic issues highly. The economy, jobs and budget deficit are top-tier priorities for 84%, 74%, 72% and 66% of Americans, respectively. And, while no single issue tops the list among all voters – global issues rank lower than domestic issues – there is still general public enthusiasm for foreign affairs, with 52% calling foreign policy very important to their vote.
A 2017 Pew Research Center survey asked Americans to name five things that would make life meaningful to them. Atheists, who describe themselves as nonreligious people, see a different set of meaningful life items than Christians. Atheists also place less emphasis on family ties than Christians do. Atheists also tend to say money and travel are important, while Christians prioritize family life and religious rituals.
Living standards in the former West and East were vastly different prior to unification. (Living standards are measured using a scale ranging from 1 to 10, with 1 being the poorest and 10 being the richest.) The people who lived in the former German states of West and East Germany differed in their economic well-being and health outcomes from the people who live in Germany today. About six-in-ten (66%) people in West Germany (now Germany’s northern states) say they have not achieved the same standard of living as West Germany; 32% say they have; and one-third (33%) have no opinion. (People in East Germany are roughly evenly divided on this question.)
In the Middle East and North Africa, governments impose restrictions on religion most prevalent — in 2015, 75% of the 22 Muslim nations in the region said that government had imposed at least some restrictions on religion, according to a 2015 report by the Methods for Research for Muslim Societies (Methods).
Government harassment of Muslims is also most prevalent in Europe — in 2015, 71% of the 23 European nations included in the report said that the government had imposed at least some restrictions on religion.
Despite the increase in the number of applicants, colleges and universities are not keeping pace with the growing number of students who apply to their schools. According to data from the National Postsecondary Education Data System, the share of students admitted to U.S. colleges and universities who apply to apply to a school each year has increased by 135.1% since 2002. But the increase has not kept up with the increase in the number of applicants, which has increased by 1,145.6%.
Democrats who favored Sanders over Biden in the January primary are less enthusiastic about Biden in the June primary. About six-in-ten Democratic voters (63%) who supported Sanders’s primary campaign believe that differences would keep many Democrats from supporting Biden; just 36% believe Democrats will be solidly behind Biden.
College graduates are more likely than those who have not graduated from college to agree with the connection there is between human activity and global warming. Fully 75% of college graduates believe that global warming is a result of human activity compared with barely half (43%) of those without college experience.
Overall, a median of just about half of people in 37 countries surveyed today say they have confidence in Russian President Vladimir Putin to do the right thing regarding matters of diplomacy regarding world affairs. Fewer people offer these more positive opinions regarding Putin on more personal issues, such as the role of Russia in the world and Putin himself. A median of just 26% believe Putin is in a good view of things regarding world affairs and only 19% believe he is in a good view of things regarding personal issues. Inhabitants of Russia are somewhat more likely to be positive about Putin on these personal issues than those in neighboring countries.
Israel and the Jewish people face a difficult year ahead. The most troubling story of the year for Jews is the conflict between Israel and Hamas in the Gaza Strip. Three-in-ten Israeli adults say they follow news about the Gaza Strip very closely; about as many (31%) say they follow this closely very infrequently. However, 37% of Israeli adults do not express a view on this story.
Similarly, 31% of Americans say they are following news about Israel and Hamas very closely, while 27% say they are following this story infrequently. Some 50% of Americans do not follow this story at all.
More Americans say they do not follow news about children from Central America crossing the U.S. border (28%) than say they are following this news very closely (17%). About six-in-ten (61%) say they are following this news infrequently.
In the 2006 Pew Global Attitudes Survey, 94% of Lebanese expressed a favorable view of Hezbollah, while only 84% held that same way about the group. Meanwhile, Shia Muslims overwhelmingly hold a positive view of the organization in Lebanon; 5% say they strongly dislike Hezbollah and 41% say unfavorably of it. By contrast, only 12% of Lebanese expressed a strongly positive affection for the Sunni Muslim Brotherhood organization.
Support for suicide bombing in defense of Islam is similar in Lebanon and Jordan, but fewer people support such strikes in Pakistan and Indonesia. Support for suicide bombing is somewhat less common in Turkey and Morocco, at 14% and 13%, respectively. Fewer than one-in-ten in any country survey this year.
Teachers also generally rate students’ writing abilities on a spectrum from excellent to poor. But they differ in their ratings of individual writing skills.
Overall, 65% of teachers say that students can effectively organize and complete writing assignments. Slightly more teachers (68%) rate this ability as excellent or very good.
Fully 72% of teachers say that students can understand and consider multiple viewpoints in a paragraph or sentence. Again, a majority of teachers rate this ability as excellent or very good (59% and 62%, respectively).
A Pew Research Center survey conducted in 2016 found that 68% of Catholic representatives in the 115th Congress were Catholic, making up a record-high 68% of the total across party lines. The 2016 survey also found that 37% of Catholic House members were Republican, making up a record-high 37% of the total.
The outbreak in Wuhan, China, that first emerged in December 2019 as a series of cases linked to a live seafood market, has led to a global investigation into the origin of the virus and to widespread concern about China’s response to the outbreak. Americans have overwhelmingly disapproved of China’s response to the outbreak, with roughly six-in-ten (64%) saying it has done a false or poor job. Fewer than four-in-ten Americans (38%) say China has done a good or excellent job responding to the outbreak. People ages 18 to 39 are more likely than those 65 and older to disapproval of China’s response to the outbreak (69% vs. 59%). Ten-to-one Republicans approve of China’s response compared with Democrats (43% to 21%). Partisan differences on this issue are particularly stark among liberal Democrats; 55% of liberal Democrats say they disapproved of China’s response to the outbreak, compared with 45% of conservative Democrats.
Sunnis in Lebanon make up the overwhelming majority of the country’s Sunni Muslim population, but Shia Muslims also have a sizable religious minority (95%), according to a survey conducted in spring 2015 by Pew Research Center in cooperation with the American Research Institute for Conflict Prevention and Resolution (ARIP). Sunnis have a favorable view of Saudi Arabia (82%), but Shia Muslims have no favorable opinion of Iran (94%).
Americans favor stability and stability-oriented economic policies, regardless of their views about partisan politics. But among Republicans, Trump supporters are more likely than Democrats or independents to say that involvement in the global economy that lowers wages, such as bars, is bad for the U.S. (55% favor stability, 37% favor growth). Republicans Trump supporters are also more likely than Republicans Clinton and those supporting Democrat Ben Carson to say that involvement in the global economy that creates new markets and jobs is bad for the U.S. (65% and 47%, respectively).
Pakistanis voice favorable opinions of only one extremist group, al Qaeda, and even that is divided between Pakistan and Afghanistan. Faisal Hussaini, a member of al Qaeda’s Pakistani branch, is Pakistan’s president and is also Pakistan’s Supreme Court chief justice. Pakistanis hold mixed opinions toward him, with 34% holding no opinion and 34% expressing a favorable view.
Dislike for Putin is widespread in the Western Hemisphere. Across the 14 Western European countries surveyed by Pew Research, attitudes toward Vladimir Putin are especially negative. In every country, more than three-in-four adults give Putin a negative rating, including widespread confidence that Moscow’s current leader will do the “right thing” when it comes to international issues. Dislikement for Putin is especially widespread in the U.S., Britain, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Poland, Spain and the U.K.
An 2018 Pew Research Center survey asked Americans about drug addiction and found that in general, urban residents were less likely than rural and suburban residents to see it as a major problem in their communities. However, rural residents were more likely to see it as a major problem than were urban residents.
Compared with 30 years ago, a 47% majority of voters say the life for people like you today is “getting worse.” Just 30% say it’s getting better, while 16% see no change. Fewer voters (36%) say the life is about the same, according to a summer 2016 Pew Research Center survey of registered voters.
While voters generally see life in the U.S. today as worse, slightly fewer Clinton supporters (58%) than Trump supporters (69%) say it is better. Just 15% of voters say life is about the same, while 26% say no change.
Overall, Americans in Latin America express favorable views of the U.S. and Cuba. Half support U.S. “ending trade embargo against Cuba,” while 47% support Cuba becoming more democratic. And 76% support the U.S. to resume re-establishing relations with Cuba.
Yet Latin Americans may be more willing to engage with Cuba than the U.S. and may have more confidence in Castro. Cubans are less likely to approve of the U.S. “establishing relations with Cuba,” but still support U.S. ending trade embargo against Cuba. Only 40% of Cubans approve of the U.S. “ending the embargo against Cuba,” and only 21% support Cuban President Raúl Castro.
Independent voters are less concerned about harassment online: Only 41% of independent voters say too often hatred toward big ideas is a big problem for how people feel about them online. Fewer than half (47%) say it is more important for people to be able to speak their minds freely online.
The UK is home to more than eight million immigrants, most of them from countries in Africa, Asia and the Middle East. But the UK is also a country that has taken in a record number of immigrants in 2015, according to a Pew Research Center chart.
The UK is home to immigrants from more than 160 countries, according to the United Nations’s GlobalMigrations database. The UK is also the top country for immigrants born outside of the UK, accounting for 1.5 million of the 8.5 million immigrants born in the UK in 2015.
In the UK, 69% have confidence in Trump. In Sweden (98%), confidence in Trump is the highest of any European right-wing party. In Spain (65%), confidence in Trump is the second highest among European right-wing parties. In France (65%), confidence in Trump is comparable to confidence in Vladimir Putin’s Russian president. In the Netherlands (61%), confidence in Trump is the second highest among European right-wing parties. However, confidence in Trump is somewhat lower in the Czech Republic (52%), Slovakia (52%), Poland (52%) and Slovenia (52%).
Survey respondents were asked to anticipate what, if anything, they expect to happen in the next 50 years. Overall, 51% say computers will be able to create an artistic image as well as humans; 45% believe they will be able to do this.
Americans are closely divided on the issue on public opinion surveys. But there are differences in the general attitude of men and women on this issue. Fewer than half the public (46%) says that churches and other houses of worship should keep out of policy debates on scientific issues. About a fifth (23%) says churches and other houses of worship should express their views.
Internet users with higher income are more likely to use certain services and platforms. For example, Americans who earn more than $50,000 per year are more likely than lower income Americans to use government services and platforms such as Facebook, Twitter, YouTube, LinkedIn, and Google+.
The United States resettled 97 refugees in 2018, down from 113 refugees in 2017, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of U.N. Refugee Agency (UNHCR) data. This represents the lowest number of refugees resettled by the U.S. since 2004, the year the country resettled more than 100,000 refugees. Canada, by contrast, resettled more than 100,000 refugees in 2018, the highest of any resettlement country.
Refugee resettlement has been a key component of the Obama administration’s response to the refugee crisis. In 2015, the administration announced a $1.5 billion increase in refugee resettlement funding, which was later increased again by $250 million in 2016. Since then, the U.S. has resettled more than 100,000 refugees since 2015.
In 2003, a recent News Interest Index survey showed that 55% of Americans said that “A person who wants to help poor blacks has the right thing going for him.” While this represents a modest increase from 50% in 2001, it is still the highest percentage affirmative of the lot ever measured.
Still, the view that “A person who wants to help poor blacks should have affirmative action,” while generally held among whites, is less common among blacks. Fewer than one-in-three blacks (34%) said this in 2003, a seven percentage point decline from 41% in 2001. Fewer whites also favor affirmative action today than in 2001. Whites were more likely to favor affirmative action in 2003 than in 2001, but whites still overwhelmingly opposed it. Fewer than one-in-three whites (35%) opposed affirmative action compared with 45% in 2001.
The left wing is more popular among people with a favorable view of their European Union than among those with an unfavorable view. And this difference is particularly pronounced among some EU countries.
Support for the right-wing populist party Europe up to 100 is similar among those with favorable views of their EU support (65%) as it is among those with unfavorable views (64%). However, the gap between favorable and unfavorable views is larger among those who have no opinion: 81% of those who have no opinion favor the EU, 15% oppose it, and only 3% do not offer their opinion.
Support for the right-wing populist party Europe up to 100 is higher among those with favorable views of their EU support than among those who have unfavorable views. This is true in 11 of 16 EU countries surveyed, including Germany, France, Italy, Greece, the UK, the Netherlands, and Poland. However, support for the party is also up among those who have unfavorable views of their EU support in the UK and France, compared with those who have favorable views.
Half of Americans (50%) think society does not place enough importance on working and having a job, while 31% think society is not enough important, according to a new Pew Research Center survey.
Majorities of Americans of all ages impraints that society does not place enough importance on working and having a job, including 27% of those ages 18-29 and 36% of 30-49-year olds. Republicans and independents lag far behind on the viewings that society does not place enough importance on working and having a job: Just 10% of Republicans and 19% independents say so. Democratic opinion is more divided, with 24% of Republicans and 35% of independents saying society does not place enough importance on working and having a job, while 21% of Democrats and 40% of Republicans say it does not place enough.
Eight-in-ten Americans learned at least a little bit about the congressional effort to repeal the health care law last January. Roughly eight-in-ten (78%) learned something at least a little bit about this, according to a new nationwide survey conducted by the Pew Research Center for the People and the Press. Another 39% learned only a little.
Efforts to repeal the health care law received far more positive (49%-32%) than negative (10%-18%) reviews among the public, according to the survey conducted in January. The health care debate was the single-most public issue featured in the news last month.
Black Democrats and Democratic leaners are more likely than Republicans to see Trump’s policies having a negative impact on the economy, although views among Hispanic and white Democrats are more mixed. About nine-in-ten black Democrats (about 93%) say Trump’s policies have made the economy worse, as do 88% of white and 76% of Hispanic Democrats. Republicans make up less than half (42%) of black Democrats, 20% of white Democrats and 18% of Hispanic Democrats.
Trump’s economic policies are viewed more negatively than those of President-elect Joe Biden. Black Democrats (including 57% who are Democrats) and Democratic leaners (57%) are more likely than Republicans and Hispanic Democrats (43%) to say Biden’s economic policies have made economic conditions worse. Black Democrats are also more likely than white and Hispanic Democrats to say Biden’s policies have not had much of an effect.
This year, the Pew Research Center’s Internet & American Life Project conducted a survey of more than 5,000 U.S. adults in January to measure the prevalence of online harassment. The survey found that, among Americans who have experienced at least one of the four types of harassment, a quarter (27%) say they have experienced offensive name-calling; about a quarter (22%) experienced purposeful embarrassment; about a quarter (19%) experienced physical threats; about a quarter (7%) experienced sustained harassment; and about a sixth (41%) report experiencing all four of these types of harassment.
As China’s economy grows and its influence extends beyond its borders, many people in countries around the world have a favorable view of China. Pew Research Center’s 2015 Attitudes Survey found that majorities in Kenya, Nigeria, the Philippines, China itself and Pakistan support Biarritonn’s peace agreement. Malaysians and Indonesians, on the other hand, are less supportive.
Another area where teens are less likely to report experiencing potentially problematic behavior is contacting their current or potential significant other through the internet or on their cellphone.
In a 2011 Pew Research Center survey, 50% of Americans said it was more important to control gun ownership and 46% said it was more important to protect the right of Americans to own guns. These measures largely correspond with those in the early 2000s.
The growth in retransmission fees has been driven by the growth of the cable television market, which now accounts for 85% of the overall television audience. (The remaining 15% is mostly made up of public television, local television, and satellite and cable channels.)
The median age of 18.6 is the lowest of the 44 countries. That’s because the median age of 18.6 is the oldest among the countries in which data are available. The median age of 18.6 is also the highest among countries in Latin America, Africa and Asia. The median age of 18.6 is also the lowest among countries in the Middle East, Europe and North America.
But the bot problem is not just a problem for Twitter. In fact, the bot-driven nature of Twitter itself is a major factor in the bot share of activity. While human accounts post links to popular news and current events websites roughly evenly, suspected bots post links three times as often as human accounts—66% versus 22%.
Institutional knowledge: Biden supporters, like Biden himself, are well-informed about climate change and its impacts on the environment. Roughly seven-in-ten backers of the Democratic presidential candidate (73%) say it is very or somewhat important for Biden and Hillary Clinton to address climate change if he is elected president. A majority of moderates and liberal supporters, however, see climate change as an important issue, with about half (53%) and seven-in-ten, respectively, saying it is at least somewhat important, respectively.
Romney’s favorability rating hit a low point last month, when 55% of voters expressed a favorable view of him. But Romney’s numbers have since improved, and today, roughly half (50%) of voters rate him favorably.
Overall, nearly as many voters now have an unfavorable impression of Obama as do favorable sentiment (45% vs. 48%). Romney’s image is now more negative than positive among partisans in both countries, though the shift is larger in the United States than in the UK. Roughly four-in-ten Americans in the UK (43%) and roughly three-in-ten Americans in the US (32%) continue to view Obama favorably. However, the percentage of Americans in the UK who have an unfavorable view of Obama has increased from 43% in November to 50% today.
Americans are getting campaign information online on a variety of websites and apps. Roughly half or more Americans say they get campaign information on a regular basis (20%) or sometimes (32%). At the same time, 21% say they learn about campaign information from websites or apps that are only for the public.
Young adults are the most likely to watch online video news. Fully 83% of those ages 18 to 29 watch the news online, compared with fewer than half (49%) of those ages 30 to 49 and 27% of those 50 and older.
Affluence is also associated with increased online news consumption. Roughly three-quarters of affluent adults (75%) watch the news online, compared with fewer than half (47%) of middle-income adults and fewer than four-in-ten of those with lower incomes. Similarly, those with a bachelor’s degree or higher are more likely than those with a high school degree or less to watch the news online (80% vs. 47%).
Many Europeans believe that most Muslims living in their country do not want to blend in with the larger society. This was the case in the first Pew Research Center survey on the issue in 2000, and again in 2016.
This report focuses on the English and Spanish speaking abilities of adults in the United States. The Pew Hispanic Center and Family Foundation National Survey of Latinos (NSOL) found that roughly half of Hispanic adults speak English and Spanish primarily at home. Roughly four-in-ten adults (40%) speak only Spanish, and another 14% speak only English at home.
An exit poll conducted by the Democratic Party shows that Hillary Clinton outperforms Barack Obama on a host of issues. While Obama outstrips the field on health care, McCain fares best on immigration and terrorism.
In New Hampshire, data from the DNC’s own analysis shows that Clinton outperforms Edwards on health care, with 56% of likely Democratic voters saying she is the better candidate on health care, while 52% think Edwards is best. Similarly, when it comes to immigration, the poll finds that Obama is the leading candidate on immigration, with 20% of likely Democratic voters saying they favor him on this issue, while 16% support Edwards.
Public attention to the financial crisis has been focused largely on its impact on home prices and the housing bubble. The national survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press, conducted Feb. 12-22 among 1,000 adults, finds that 31% say they have been following news about the financial crisis very closely, and another 14% say they have been following the economic recession very closely.
Public attention to the financial crisis has varied by the level of interest in other economic developments, but there is no indication that public attention to the crisis is affecting other economic developments in the same way.
Fully 7% say they have been following news about the recession very closely, and another 7% say they have been following the stock market very closely. Somewhat fewer (5%) say they have been very closely following gas or oil prices, and another 6% say they have been following budget deficits very closely. Curiously, fewer Americans (4%) have been following health care very closely.
Figure 1 shows that the share of white college students declined between 2009 and 2010, while the shares of Hispanic and Asian students increased. The change in the share of white students is due to a decline in the number of black students attending college.
For instance, younger voters (ages 18-29) are less likely than older voters to have been called by a political campaign or group supporting a candidate for the month of the election. Some 58% of 18- to 29-year-old voters report that they had been called by a political campaign or group supporting a candidate, when compared with 64% of those ages 30 and older.
By contrast, there are similar differences among Hispanics. Fully 74% of Hispanic Americans say undocumented immigrants mostly fill jobs that U.S. citizens do not want. Among Hispanic blacks, about seven-in-ten (71%) say the same. But fewer Hispanic Hispanics (58%) and whites (73%) say undocumented immigrants mostly fill jobs that U.S. citizens do not want.
The number of women in the top leadership positions at U.S. colleges and universities has increased dramatically since the 1990s. As of the 2015-16 school year, 30% of U.S. college presidents were women. As of the 2005-2010 school year, just 16% of U.S. college presidents were women.
Among NATO members, majorities have a favorable opinion of the organization. While most people in each member state surveyed offer favorable views of NATO, a median of 60% in Denmark, Canada, the Netherlands, the UK, Belgium, Italy, Germany, Spain, France and the U.S. say the alliance provides an important defense mechanism.
In the U.S., around a third of the public (34%) expect that the coronavirus crisis is over soon. Similarly, 42% expect that countries will cooperate more internationally, while 25% expect they will decrease their focus on international relations.
While the number of Americans who have an unfavorable impression of Barack Obama has risen 10 points since the start of the year, the share saying they have a favorable view of the presumptive Democratic nominee has fallen just as much to 50%. Overall Batamoun(Qc) currently receives 70% of the public’s approval, while 30% approve of the way the nation runs today. Progressivism continues to be viewed positively by both Republicans and Democrats. Roughly three-in-ten Americans (32%) currently have a favorable view of the Republican candidate. However, as recently as a month ago, roughly seven-in-ten Americans said their opinion changed few on the campaign.
As the UK and the EU face a shared future post-Brexit, the UK’s public relations with the EU has been consistently negative since Pew Research Center began asking this question in 2007. In 2007, the UK had a favorable view of the EU of 52%, while the public was divided on its views of the EU and its natural boundaries of 48%. Fast forward to 2016, when the UK had a favorable view of the EU by a margin of 51% compared with a median of 63%.
In early 2007, opinion was divided, with 44% saying the troops should be brought home and 43% keeping them in Iraq until the country is stabilized. Support for bringing the troops home decreased to 32% in February 2008, while support for keeping the troops in Iraq remained at 49%.
To track the number of asylum applications and the countries of origin of the applicants, the European Union published a database of asylum acceptance rates. This chart shows asylum acceptance rates for the top 10 countries of origin of asylum applicants, dating to January 2015. The highest acceptance rate is Syria, with 94.8% of the applicants accepted.
The EU’s asylum acceptance rate is higher than the acceptance rate in the United States, which is 81.2% in 2015. But the EU’s higher acceptance rate is not as high as the acceptance rate in Canada, which is 94.8% in 2015.
In addition to the general preference for the Democratic Party in the U.S. House of Representatives, Latinos have grown more likely than non-Latinos to identify with the Democratic Party and vote for Democratic candidates since 1999. In Pew Hispanic Center surveys of Latino adults, a majority of Latinos (58%) leaned toward the Democratic Party in June 2007, compared with 53% in June 1999. In the November 2006 election, 57% of Latinos voted for Democrats, compared with 49% in the 1999 election.
Republicans are also more divided than Democrats are about economic inequality. About four-in-ten Republicans (41%) say the right amount of economic inequality in the country is having too little coverage on news outlets; 61% say too much economic inequality is having too much coverage on news outlets. About three-in-ten Democrats (38%) say the right amount of economic inequality is having too little coverage (43% say too much). In both cases, a greater share of Democrats than Republicans say too little (23%) or too much (13%) coverage is having too little economic inequality.
barons also hold negative views on police-public relations, especially on the question about whether some people can’t be brought to reason the hard way. Nearly six-in-ten (56%) back this view; 17% agree.
Police officers face a different set of challenges when it comes to dealing with the public. Nearly half (45%) say that “some people can only be brought to reason the hard way” in order to get them to behave in a certain way; just 10% agree.
Overall, 87% of Americans across racial and ethnic groups say it is at least somewhat important to them to have a moral, ethical president. This is even the case among those with some or no religious affiliation: 69% in that group say this, while just 24% say they don’t agree. Americans who identify as black (85%), whites (82%), Hispanics (76%), Buddhists (75%) and religiously unaffiliated (75%) express this view.
Digital gadgets are now widely available to Americans, and they can be used to perform many tasks that traditionally required human effort. For example, six-in-ten U.S. adults (61%) say they feel very well or somewhat well equipped to use internet-connected wearable devices to keep up with information demands in their lives.
Black Americans make up 7% of the workforce, but they represent 11% of the newsroom workforce, according to a 2013-source analysis of government data by Pew Research Center.
Black Americans represent a smaller share of all workers (10%) but a larger share of newsroom employees (7%).
A majority (59%) say they followed news about the oil leak very closely. Interest was somewhat lower (27%) for discussions in Congress about immigration and 20% for debates over financial market regulation. Roughly four-in-ten (44%) say they closely followed the story about the financial markets. The most heavily followed story among the public, however, was the crash of Air India flight from Chicago to Frankfurt, Germany (3% vs. 7% say they followed this story very closely). Public interest in this story was largely driven by those in the Midwest and Northeast. Roughly three-in-ten (35%) say they followed this story very closely.
The election process was the second most closely followed story, with 20% of the public following this news very closely. Interest was especially strong among partisans who self-identify as liberal or conservative. Roughly three-in-ten conservative Republicans (33%) and conservative Democrats (31%) followed election news very closely, compared with 18% of moderates and 14% of liberals. Similarly, the media divided along partisan lines in its coverage of the election process.
About a quarter (27%) paid very close attention to news about
Peoples’ living situations vary widely across Africa. Polygamy is common in some countries, but not in others. In Mali, Burkina Faso and Senegal, for example, roughly one-in-five individuals live in polygamy households, or composed of multiple families. In Mali, Burkina Faso and Senegal, Muslims are the most common religious group, but people of all faiths are represented in polygamous households.
In Nigeria, Muslims make up roughly two-in-five individuals in polygamous households, but so do people of other religious groups. Muslims make up roughly 40% of the polygamous households in Nigeria, while Christians make up roughly 29% and Hindus 12%.
Tunisians tend to hold the Left Bloc (UGTT and Ennahda) in positive regard: 57% hold favorable opinions about Ennahda and roughly six-in-ten hold favorable opinions about the Tunisian General Labor Union (UGTT). Meanwhile, roughly six-in-ten hold an unfavorable view of the Congress Party for the Republic (CPR) and the Republican Party (RP).
However, there are differences in attitudes toward political parties among Tunisians by party affiliation. Tunisians who identify with the Left Bloc tend to be more likely than those who do not vote to have favorable opinions of the Left Bloc. This tendency is particularly evident among supporters of the Ennahda Party (64%) and among supporters of the Republican Party (57%).
Steaks have outperformed the housing market during the recovery. Both Case-Shiller and Standard and Poor’s 500 city composite indexes are up 21% since the start of the Great Recession, but the Case-Shiller index has been rising at a much slower rate. The Standard and Poor’s index, which is based on a weighted average of 20 local stock indices, has been rising at a much faster pace, increasing 48% since the start of the recession.
Source: Pew Research Center’s Internet & American Life Project, 2009.
The vast majority of NewsHour’s funding comes from corporations, foundations and individuals. Corporate funding has declined over the past year, while foundation funding has increased slightly. Individual funding has remained relatively stable.
The importance of digital platforms varies by news instance. For instance, about a third (35%) of Americans say they followed the news about the January 2016 election on a search engine or social media platform. However, fewer say they followed this news on email, news organization or news website, or on a text or short message service (SMS) or mobile app.
This report finds that the shares of adults living in middle-income households have declined in many countries in Western Europe since 1991. For example, in the Netherlands, Germany and France, the shares of adults living in middle-income households have fallen from roughly seven-eighths in 1991 to roughly six-eighths in 2010. Similarly, in Italy, the shares of adults living in middle-income households have declined from roughly seven-eighths in 1991 to roughly six-eighths in 2010.
Millennials are younger than older generations and less religiously affiliated than older Americans. Our 2014 Pew Research downvotes for the Millennials survey find them ages 18 to 32. They are younger than Gen Xers (ages 36 to 48), and they are younger than Boomers (ages 55 to 69).
For instance, Americans are more likely than Hispanics to say they think scammers are more likely than others to try to steal people’s personal information. Roughly four-in-ten Americans (40%) believe this, compared with 56% of Hispanics and just 45% of blacks. Americans with lower incomes are also more likely than higher income Americans (57% vs. 37%) to say this.
Currently, 56% say they are hearing more mixed or mostly bad news about the economy, while 35% say they are hearing more mostly good news while just 2% say they are hearing mostly bad news.
The public is skeptical about the information from scientists on the causes of climate change. About seven-in-ten Americans (70%) say they trust climate scientists to give full and accurate information about the causes of global climate change; just17% say they trust this information a lot. While conservative Republicans (80%) say they trust scientists, modest Republicans (40%) and liberal Democrats (56%) lag behind in trusting scientists on climate change.
Still, there are some differences across age groups when it comes to childhood vaccinations. Fully 68% of adults 65 and older say all children should be required to be vaccinated, compared with only 59% of those ages 30 to 49 and 41% of those younger than 30, according to the Pew Research Center for the People and the Press survey.
There is a widespread belief in Turkey and Nigeria that life is better today than it was years ago. Majorities in Turkey and Nigeria say that life in their country is better today than it was years ago. In Nigeria, 82% say life is better now than it was then and 57% say the same in Turkey.
Religious identity is a factor in views of life in the past and present. Majorities in Israel and Muslim-majority Nigeria say life is better today than it was years ago, but Muslim-majority Nigeria is the lone country in the survey where life is better now than it was then.
Views of the U.S. are not only affected by public attitudes about immigration policy. In many countries, Pew Research surveys also ask questions about public attitudes about the flow of people from other countries to their own country. In Mexico, for example, a comparative survey study conducted by the Pew Research Center found that after the passage of the Arizona immigration law, the Mexican public’s favorable views of the U.S. dropped by 10 percentage points. The share of Mexicans expressing a positive opinion about the U.S. fell from 62% before the passage of the Arizona law to 52% in the year following.
Only around half (54%) of 18- to 29-year-old smartphone owners get news alerts, compared with two-thirds (<loc0977>48%) of those ages 30 to 49 and 47% of those 50 to 64.
Still, young smartphone users get news alerts at about the same rate as older users when it comes to clicking news. Roughly half (51%) of 18- to 29-year-old smartphone owners kurage to news alerts compared to 52% of those ages 30 to 49 and 47% of those 50 to 64.
Overall, the public’s opinion of the United States in Mexico improved sharply following the passage of the Arizona immigration law. In a 2010 survey, 62% held a favorable view of the U.S. in Mexico; today, a clear majority of Mexicans (52%) express a favorable view of the U.S.
The Pew Research Center’s weekly project project that George W. Bush’s ratings for his job are similar to those of Barack Obama. Obama has received consistently positive ratings for his handling of foreign affairs and the economy, but his overall rating for his job stands at 75%, while George W. Bush stands at 80%.
The educational gap in U.S. fertility trends has widened in recent years, and the share of women who are mothers with a bachelor’s degree or higher has increased. But the educational gap in fertility trends remains, and the educational gap in fertility trends is growing wider.
During the Great Recession, the share of women ages 30 to 44 who had ever given birth increased from 37% in 1996 to 44% in 2002. But since 2002, the share of women ages 30 to 44 who had ever given birth has fallen back to 35% in 2011.
The share of women ages 30 to 44 who have a bachelor’s degree or higher has increased from 85% in 1996 to 88% in 2011. The share of women ages 30 to 44 who have earned a postgraduate degree has increased from 76% in 1996 to 85% in 2011.
Levels of satisfaction with life have remained relatively stable over the past year, but the gap between those saying they are happy and those saying they are dissatisfied has increased modestly. Some 47% say they are happy with their lives, up from 44% in January 2008. The current 5-point gap is the highest recorded since the beginning of the recession in February 1990.
Government economic policies have helped all groups perceive positive benefits. Roughly half (54%) of the public says that government policies have helped poor people “a great deal” or “fair amount,” and 47% say that same amount has helped middle- and upper-income people. A somewhat smaller 42% say that government policies have helped large corporations “a great deal” or “fair amount,” while 38% say the same about large banks and financial institutions.
The Pew Research Center Internet & American Life Project has tracked internet usage over the past decade among more than 7,000 adults ages 16 and older. The analysis finds that education is a strong correlate of internet usage. College graduates are more likely than non-college graduates to use the internet.
The Obama administration topped a list of the week’s most covered stories by the Pew Research Center’s Project for Excellence on Journalism, PEJ. The public was closely divided in its views of the administration, but the PEJ survey found that the Obama administration was viewed favorably by more than half of Americans. The administration also received positive press coverage from the media. The PEJ survey found that 53% of Americans tracked the administration very closely, and 24% followed news about the economy very closely.
The public was more closely divided in its views of the financial crisis. A 52% majority tracked news about the crisis very closely, but 40% followed the story very closely. The PEJ survey also found that the public tracked the conflict in Somalia very closely, but only 37% followed the situation in Iraq.
For urban residents, this lack of influence is rare: 44% say they don’t have much influence when it comes to local news, while 54% say they mostly cover their area for local news, but make little or no effort to cover it for national or global issues. For rural residents, a somewhat different pattern emerges: 69% for urban residents, again, say they mostly cover their area for local news, but make little or no effort to cover it for national or global issues, while 38% for suburban residents say they mostly cover their area for local news, but make little or no effort to cover it for national or global issues, and 41% for rural residents say they make little or no effort to cover it for national or global issues, but say they cover their area mostly for local news. Again, for suburban residents, there is somewhat less influence from local news when it comes to national and global issues.
Do parents who work full time do more or less work loading duty? Household heads who work full time and live with their children under 18 and who have a partner working full time and is the parent of a child younger than 18 are asked five questions about labor division at home. The survey finds that mothers do more of the work loading in 63% of all households with children younger than 18, while fathers do more in 32%.
In the survey, construction Kenyums – in-depth discussions with consumers held over the course of several months – came to the consensus that Kenyums are not a good place to go for group meals. The survey asked consumers to describe the level of ideological conservatism or liberalism represented by their local Kenyums, and chrysler-colored Americans were not very impressed with the overall conservative nature of their local grocery stores. The survey asked respondents whether they thought the Supreme Court was conservative or liberal, and people were more likely to rate the Supreme Court conservatively than liberals, according to the Pew Research Center survey. In fact, the Supreme Court was rated more conservatively than conservative-leaning Americans, with 28% saying the Supreme Court has too much power, while fewer than six-in-ten (6%) felt the Supreme Court had right about the amount of power.
The survey also shows the public is somewhat more likely to rate the Supreme Court as conservative than liberal. When people were asked whether they thought the Supreme Court was conservative or liberal, people were more likely to rate it conservatively. The public was more likely to say the Supreme Court was conservative than conservative-leaning: 30% said the Supreme Court had too much power, while only 5
Among the positions represented in presidential slates selected by senators thus far, judges and justices – including district and circuit courts and Supreme Court justices – accounted for a majority of half of the votes. Among sub-cabinet officials, sub-Cabinet officials such as regulators, heads of independent agencies and cabinet secretaries accounted for a smaller share of half the votes (49%), according to the Pew Research Center’s presidential slates project.
Social networking sites have become a popular way for people to share information about themselves and their lives. Today more than 500 million Americans use social networking sites of some kind, and they are a popular way for people to share information about themselves and their lives. Social networking sites are a popular way for people to share information about themselves and their lives because they are easy to use, they are free, and they are a way for people to connect with others. Social networking sites are also a popular way for people to manage their online reputations. Younger social networking site users are more likely than older users to take steps to manage their online reputations.
Republicans are more conservative in values and outlook than are Democrats. Yet conservative Republicans are somewhat more likely than moderate or liberal Republicans to identify with the Tea Party movement and conservative ideology. The most conservative Republicans are those who identify with the Tea Party movement or belong to other right-wing political organizations.
Majorities of Democrats continue to be more liberal than moderate or conservative in values. Democrats also overwhelmingly identify with the Democratic Party. An overwhelming majority of Democrats say that the party represents their ideal political values (96%). In 2015, around nine-in-ten Democrats ()66 agreed with the statement “The Democratic Party represents the political values that I want.”
To get a better idea of just how much Americans are relying on each of these platforms, we looked at a different question: to which of these three platforms do Americans mostly turn to for news on a given day?
To get a better idea of just how much Americans are relying on each of these three platforms, we looked at a different question: to which of these three platforms do Americans mostly turn to for news on a given day?
The budget deficit is not as big a problem as it was in 2011. Currently, 47% say the budget deficit is a “serious” problem for the country, while 52% say it is a “somewhat” problem.
At the same time, public concern about the budget deficit has declined since 2011. In October of this year, 54% said the budget deficit was a “very” or “most” serious problem. At that time, 73% said the deficit was a “serious” problem.
As the EU’s reputation has declined in the wake of the Brexit vote, so too has the opinion of the Greek public. According to new Pew Research Center surveys conducted in Greece, only 27% of Greeks have a favorable opinion of the EU, down from 44% in 2015. Roughly three-quarters (72%) hold a negative view.
This is a dramatic shift from just five years ago, when opinion of the EU was more positive across Europe. In 2007, roughly seven-in-ten Greeks (69%) voiced a favorable opinion of the EU.
In January, Obama received positive ratings on the job front. Nearly seven-in-ten (62%) Americans said Obama did not at least somewhat hate his enemies, but did hate his country, compared with 31% who said he did not at least like his enemies and 5% saying he at least liked his country (34%). In late December, however, Obama’s job rating hit a low point: 40% said he did not at least like his enemies, compared with 60% in January 2009 and 70% in December 2008.
Many Trump supporters surveyed this fall lack confidence that people who vote could be safely denied their vote due to lack of photo ID. Around three-quarters of Trump supporters (70%) say a person polling to vote this fall does not have to be legally qualified to vote. Democratic Biden supporters fall on the other side of the question, with 80% saying that a person polling to vote does not have to be legally qualified to vote.
88% of Republicans and Republican leaners rate the job of health care officials in their local hospitals “only fair” or excellent; about a quarter of Republicans (28%) rate what they are seeing in hospitals as “poor.”
While Republicans generally rate officials very positively, there are differences across the ideological spectrum. Conservative Republicans (37%) are particularly likely to view efforts to respond to the coronavirus outbreak as excellent or only fair. Conservative Republicans are also more likely than moderate and liberal Republicans to rate what Trump is doing as excellent, and more likely than moderate and liberal Republicans to rate him poorly.
Many newlyweds in the U.S. now are remarrying: About one-fourth (40%) of new marriages in 2013 were remarriages, or those that involved at least one spouse who had been married before, according to our analysis of Census Bureau data. (The “new” in “new marriages” refers to the most recent time the couple first married; “remarrying” is the act of remarrying.)
Americans see international threats in a different light than they do when it comes to domestic security. When asked which of seven potential threats to the United States they consider a major threat, a majority of Americans (54%) say Russia’s power and influence. Smaller shares (52%) say the same of China’s power and influence. And majorities in a majority of countries think China’s power is a major threat to the United States, including 43% in Jordan, 40% in Israel, 36% in Turkey, and 31% in Egypt. By contrast, just 9% of Americans and 40% of Europeans think China’s power is a minor threat.
Seven-in-ten Americans are also largely convinced that the Islamic militant group known as ISIS is a major threat to the U.S. and its allies. Roughly seven-in-ten (71%) say the Islamic militant group is a major threat, while far fewer are confident it is not. When ISIS is described as a terrorist group, roughly eight-in-ten Americans (79%) describe it as a major threat, compared with just 9% who are not.
Filipinos broadly approve of President Rodrigo Duterte’s handling of the U.S.-China relationship. Roughly six-in-ten (63%) Filipinos say they approve of Duterte’s handling of relations with the U.S., while 53% approve of his handling of relations with China.
The Trump presidency has been a watershed moment for Latinos in the United States, and the new survey by Pew Research shows that while Latinos overall are feeling confident about life in the United States, a growing share of immigrants feel worried and uncertain. Some seven-in-ten (70%) Latinos report that they feel this way, while 20% say they are happy about the election of Donald Trump. The share saying they are feeling worried and unsure about their place in America has increased since 2016, when 59% said this, and after the 2016 presidential election.
While many feel confident about their life in the U.S., just 38% of foreign-born Latinos say the same. The confidence of foreign-born U.S. citizens has declined since 2016, and now stands at 41%, at the lowest level since Pew Research Center began asking the question in 2007.
Lawful immigrants are more likely than not to feel confident about their life in the U.S. (60%). But 49% of lawful immigrants say that they feel neither confident nor confident about their place in America, compared with 39% of
Digital advertising surpassed non-digital advertising for the first time in 2016, according to data from eMarketer. That shift in the overall advertising market has implications for news outlets, as digital advertising to news content has grown rapidly. In 2017, digital advertising to all news consumers will exceed non-digital revenue for the first time, according to eMarketer projections. This growth is driven by a combination of several factors, including the growth of e-commerce, the growth of mobile, the growth of programmatic advertising and the continued growth of native advertising.
Live-in relationships are still a small part of the adult living situation. In 1968, 7% of young adults were living with their spouse or head of the household. Today, 36% of young adults are living with their spouse or head of the household. About a third (35%) of young adults live with some other adult.
The Pew Research Center has asked the public’s views on funding for scientific research since 2000, and Americans overwhelmingly support a more than doubling of federal funding for scientific research. The share of Americans saying they would increase the federal funding for scientific research doubled from 10% in 2000 to 21% in 2019. Today, fewer than 4% of Americans say they would cut federal funding for scientific research.
Rubin’s Pew Research Center poll asked 37-year-old Vladimir Putin to rate people’s happiness with the Russian president. Putin scored a 74, on a scale of 0-100, placing him in the top 10% of the world’s 37-year-old leaders. His overall personal happiness rating was 80, placing him in the top 1% of the 37-year-old leaders surveyed.
Greece and Italy are the hardest hit European countries when people are asked about the current economic situation in their country, and these countries are also farthest left and bottom on the chart. In the 10 EU countries surveyed, Greece and Italy are rated least fiscally sound by people. This is reflected in their lack of confidence in the European Union. Greek and Italian respondents are significantly less likely than people in any other EU country to say they have a good economy in their country.
In 2019, 53% of Republicans and Republican leaners said abortion should be illegal, compared with 35% of Democrats and Democratic leaners. Today, 70% of Republicans and Republican leaners and 53% of Democrats and Democratic leaners say abortion should be illegal in all or most cases.
People in countries with negative opinions of China also tend to be less supportive of the Chinese government’s record on human rights. For example, in the United States, people who have an unfavorable opinion of China are significantly less positive about the Chinese government’s record on human rights. In the Philippines, people with unfavorable opinions of China are significantly less supportive of the Chinese government’s record on human rights. Even in the United Kingdom, where the Chinese government has a positive view of the U.S., people with a negative opinion of China are less supportive of the Chinese government’s record on human rights.
People in Asia also tend to be less supportive of China’s record on human rights. Asians who have an unfavorable opinion of China are significantly less supportive of the Chinese government’s record on human rights. People in sub-Saharan Africa also have a negative view of China and are less supportive of the Chinese government’s record on human rights. People in Latin America, the Middle East and Russia also have a negative view of China and are less supportive of the Chinese government’s record on human rights.
People in Eastern European countries also have a negative view of China and are less supportive of the Chinese government’s record on human rights.
Foreign born refugees entering the U.S. in fiscal 2019 predominantly are from the Democratic Republic of the Congo (4,992 arrivals) and Burma (Myanmar) (4,481 arrivals), both of which have been hit hard by the economic fallout from the coronavirus outbreak. Other top asylum-arrivals include Ukraine (6,481), Ethiopia (1,757) and Afghanistan (543).
The U.S. is also home to a small but growing number of unrefugees from Colombia (298), which has been hit hard by the economic fallout from the coronavirus outbreak. (The number of Colombian refugees entering the U.S. has been rising since 2016.)
Such enthusiasm for the Democratic Party is also linked to the party’s negative perceptions of the president. Supporters of the Democratic Party are more than twice as likely as those who vote somewhat Republican to express strongly negative views of President Bush (38% to 17%). And by a wide margin, the public feels “angry” toward the government (71% say this versus 45% who feel “angry” toward the president).
Republicans and Democrats differ on a range of issues on balance. But partisan divisions are particularly large on some of the central issues of American life. Among the top six issues examined by Pew Research’s Inequality Index, the largest differences occur over the environment and labor unions. Republicans are more likely than Democrats to rank the environment and unions as top issues on balance.
Republicans are also more likely than Democrats to rank personal efficiency and social conservatism as top issues. Roughly four-in-ten Republicans (42%) rate it as a top issue, compared with 12% of Democrats.
Republicans are also more likely than Democrats to rank immigration and the government’s role in society as top issues. Roughly three-in-ten Republicans (33%) rate immigration as a top issue, compared with 8% of Democrats.
Only about a quarter of mobile phone non-users in Lebanon (9%) agree that they would like to get a mobile device in the future. This is in keeping with previous Pew Research Center mobile phone surveys, which have consistently shown that Lebanese have among the lowest rates of mobile phone adoption in the world.
Occasionally to never use to use of terrorism in the U.S. in the future:
Over the past 15 years Pew Research surveys have found widespread support for occasional use of terrorism. In a 2013 survey, 75% agreed that “occasional acts of terrorism in the U.S. will be part of life in the future.” That is more than half of the public (70%, or 85% overall), and has increased from 62% in 2007 and 58% in 2009.
In polling conducted by Pew Research Center since early 2009, a majority of Afghans have dismously views of American progress in the country. Currently, 61% say the U.S. is making moderately or hardly any progress in Afghanistan, or say things are totally falling off the wagon. Only 38% say the progress being made by the U.S. in Afghanistan is mostly or mostly falling apart.
On the other side, people in some countries are very positive about the U.S. Opinion varies widely, but the top admirers tend to be in the Middle East and Latin America. Strong majorities in Egypt, Jordan, Turkey, Russia, the Palestinian territories, Greece, Pakistan, Lebanon, Turkey, Germany and the Philippines view the U.S. favorably. Pew Research Center surveys conducted by the Pew Research Center show that Americans are more likely than Asians and Africans to see the U.S. in this positive light.
But even Asians can be skeptical. Pew Research Center surveys conducted in 2014 found that roughly one-in-five Indonesians (21%) disliked the U.S. and China (19%) felt the same. But while these people generally have a negative view of the U.S., they are more likely than others to believe the U.S. is unfair. Roughly one-quarter of Indonesians disliked the U.S. and thought the country took advantage of them, compared with 14% of Chinese and 11% of Filipinos.
In our analysis, we identified those users who posted a multilingual tweet about immigration at least once a week, related to more than one tweet containing a link to a foreign-language tweet, and posted a multilingual tweet daily. Among the average daily, semi-daily and weekly users, the majority of those who posted a multilingual tweet on at least one occasion during the first month of Trump’s presidency were those who were posted linked to by at least one more multilingual tweet. Among those posted a multilingual tweet on average daily, semi-daily and weekly, the vast majority of those posted a multilingual link by more than one tweet.
A new Pew Research Center survey conducted in collaboration with the YouTube for Children Center finds that 56% of U.S. adults use YouTube and 62% of YouTube users say they like watching videos on the site. While most YouTube users enjoy the site’s content, around a third report that they encounter videos that seem false or untrue, are abusive or demeaning and so on.
Moreover, Americans give far more confidence to Obama than to their French counterpart, Bush. Today, just 14% of French adults say they have confidence in Bush to handle world affairs; roughly a quarter (27%) say they have confidence in Obama. The 2007 Pew Global Attitudes Survey found similar sentiments among Americans.
Overall, the health care ruling received less favorable ratings than the Roberts decision. Currently, the health care ruling is at the center of a legal battle between the Obama administration and Republican lawmakers. Nevertheless, favorable opinions of the Supreme Court have declined sharply in recent years. Currently, 16% express favor of the Supreme Court while 81% disapprove.
Public opinion of the Supreme Court has become less partisan in recent years. réduite partisan differences appear to have appeared since Pew Research first started asking this question in 2005. Currently, Democrats and independents are nearly equally likely to say they have a favorable opinion of the Supreme Court (51%) while Republicans are less positive (38%).
For many Americans, answering cellphone calls is a simple part of daily life. Roughly nine-in-ten U.S. adults (87%) say answering cellphone calls is a part of their daily routine. However, younger Americans, white adults and those with lower income levels are less likely than older Americans, higher-income adults and those with higher education levels to say answering cellphone calls is a part of their daily routine.
Americans are very concerned about terrorism. About eight-in-ten (86%) say they are very or somewhat worried there will soon be another terrorist attack in the U.S., including 44% who are very worried. (Data for the question of how much danger terrorist groups currently pose to the country comes from a survey conducted Jan. 7-11, 2015 by Pew Research Center. The 2015 survey was conducted during the week before the Paris attacks.)
The chart below shows the number of online content types purchased by internet users. The most popular content type is music, followed by books, movies, and television.
Regarding reading habits, 93% of Americans read a book in some capacity in the past year, according to a 2015 Pew Research Center survey. Among them, 76% read a book in its entirety, while a little lower a (69%) read a book in any format, such as print, e-book or audio book.
President Maduro receives some 36% of favorable opinions, while 68% give him a not too favorable rating. This is a stark contrast to Maduro’s predecessor, Hugo Chávez, and opposition leader Henrique Capriles. Chávez received an average of 56% favorable and 36% unfavorable ratings from Venezuelans, both well above the 68% average given to Maduro. Capriles received a similar rating as Chávez, but Maduro is still perceived negatively by a sizable share of Venezuelans.
Catholics make up a larger share of the population in the Northeast than any other region of the country, even as Catholics have lower rates of religious identity than the overall population and lower levels of church attendance than Americans overall. Catholics account for 26% of the population in the Northeast, compared with a mere 19% of the population overall. But Catholics are more spiritually vibrant and more likely to attend church than Americans overall.
Internet use is associated with increased political engagement. The internet and social networking sites are not only used by many Americans, but they are also linked to increased participation in political activities. According to Pew Research Center survey data, 49% of Americans use the internet at least weekly to go online to a social networking site, and 32% of Americans use the internet at least daily to send email. Americans who use the internet to send emails are more likely than Americans who do not use the internet to discuss politics or public affairs with others (59% vs. 45%). Americans who use the internet to send text messages are more likely than Americans who do not use the internet to do the same (56% vs. 41%). Americans who do not use the internet to go online to a social networking site are less likely to discuss politics or public affairs with others (26% vs. 35%).
The Selected Reserve, which is a program of the Department of Defense, is a way for individuals to serve in the military without committing to a full-time obligation. There are currently four branches of the Selected Reserve: the Army, Navy, Air Force and Coast Guard. Here’s a look inside the Selected Reserve.
The army’s Selected Reserve has the largest force of the four branches combined, with about 247,000 members. An additional 275,247 members of the Selected Reserve are in the Navy, while the Air Force and Coast Guard have about 80,000 and 70,000 members, respectively.
Climate change is the top concern worldwide. Themesline to surveys on climate change finds that Muslims are particularly concerned about the problem. More than eight-in-ten Brazilians (85%), Turkish Muslims (74%), and Lebanese Muslims (71%) express concern. A Pew Research Center survey of 379 publics in the Middle East, Africa, Latin America, and Asia conducted in 2012 found widespread concern about global climate change among these populations. Respondents in Lebanon were especially concerned.
Black Protestants continue to be less likely than white Protestants to approve of the way Black Justin Trudeau is handling his job in Ottawa. Currently, 55% of Black Protestants approve of Trudeau, versus 20% who are angry and 4% who are disgusted. About a quarter (23%) of white Protestants – or just 9% of Black Protestants – are angry at the way Trudeau is handling his job in Ottawa.
Republican conservatives overwhelmingly favor stricter environmental laws (80%), including stricter pollution limits and more stringent protections for endangered animals and plants. By contrast, among Democrats and Democratic leaners 98% say stricter environmental laws hurt the economy, and just 11% of Democrats do not.
Democrats also stand out in their views of government spending on climate change. Roughly nine-in-ten Democrats (91%) say government spending on climate change is a good use of the nation’s resources; just 11% say it is not. Among Republicans, 61% say this is a good use of the nation’s resources, while 38% say it is not.
Despite broad agreement among the American public that they will benefit from the upcoming science marches, Americans are divided over the impact of the marches on support for science and the way these marches could affect the public’s support for scientists. About half of U.S. adults (52%) say they support people attending science marches and demonstrations that support the goals of the marches; around a quarter (26%) say they oppose this type of event. But roughly four-in-ten Americans (44%) believe that recent science marches and demonstrations about the public’s support for scientists will make little or no difference.
Americans’ views about the influence of big donors are mixed, but Democrats and Republicans have different views. Democrats are somewhat more likely than Republicans to think that people who give a lot of money to political campaigns or causes are more influential than those who don’t (60% vs. 49%, respectively).
Americans’ views vary by the public’s perception of the degree to which big donors affect the running of government. Supporters of big donors think the person who gives a lot of money to a candidate or cause does have more influence than someone who doesn’t give money. Republicans (56%) are more likely than Democrats (28%) to think big donors have more influence.
But there are differences by ideology on how much more likely Democrats find it is to think that Trump has done something that was unfairly hurtful. Roughly nine-in-ten Democrats (89%) who see Trump as unfairly hurtful, compared with 72% of Republicans.
Income plays a role in teens’ social media habits. Roughly three-in-ten teens from households earning $75,000 or more a year (35%) use Facebook, compared with 70% among teens from households earning less than $30,000 a year. However, higher-income teens are not only more likely to use Facebook, they also are more likely to use it on a regular basis. Roughly four-in-ten teens from households earning $75,000 or more a year (43%) say they use Facebook on a weekly basis, compared with 36% of teens from lower-income households.
About six-in-ten Americans (65%) now say it is more important to protect the right of Americans to own guns, according to a new national Pew Research Center survey. That sentiment is a change from four years ago when 52% said gun ownership was more important to protect gun rights. The question was fielded Sept. 18-24 among 1,225 adults on a weighted, national sample including 563 respondents ages 18 and older.
Republican support for gun rights has increased since the question was posed in 2014. Republicans and independents who lean toward the GOP are now as likely as Democrats (19%) to say gun ownership is more important to protect gun rights. As recently as 2014, Republicans were much more likely to say gun ownership was more important than protecting gun rights.
Among voters who favored Democratic candidate Hillary Clinton or former Vice President Joe Clinton, about a third (35%) say they most supported Carnelos or other Republicans in their community.
These partisan differences also appear in perceptions of who receives votes in local elections, according to newly released county election results. Since Carnelos defeated Carnelos in the 2016 Republican primary, the community where Carnelos lives has become more Republican overall. In contrast, the community where Carnelos lives is now more Democratic than it was in 2016.
The 2014 midterm elections were marked by a generational partisan advantage for Democrats, especially among older Americans.
The Pew Research Center National Survey of American Education, conducted Sept. 1-Sept. 7, 2014 among 4,306 Americans ages 18 and older, found that Boomers (1967 and after), Generation X (1981) and Silent Generation (1970) were more Democratic in leaning than were Millennials (born in 1981). The 2014 midterm election was also a Democratic triumph for Democratic House members, and the Democratic gains were especially large among younger generations.
Americans, by contrast, follow news about mass shootings much more closely than about other stories. According to the survey, conducted Sept. 19-22, about three-in-ten (33%) say they followed news about the shooting of people at the Navy Yard in Washington, D.C. very closely; just 11% say the same about news about the killing of four people at Newtown, Conn.
News coverage of the Navy Yard shooting is comparable to the level of interest shown by the public in other mass shootings. Five years ago, when the shooting of four people occurred at a school in Springfield, Mass., 44% of Americans said they were following news about the incident very closely; 21% said this.
This gap is particularly evident when it comes to attitudes toward immigrants and their impact on jobs and social benefits. Majorities in most European countries say immigrants with higher incomes and higher education are more likely to commit crime than other groups, and are a burden on their country. Europeans are also concerned that immigrants with fewer education levels will make their countries less competitive.
When it comes to attitudes about immigrants and their impact on jobs and talents, Europeans are more divided. Half or more in all 10 European countries say immigrants make it harder to take advantage of their work and talents. At the same time, majorities in all but two (France and Spain) say immigrants are more likely than other groups to commit crime.
About six-in-ten households (67%) of adults ages 35 to 49 live in households with at least three people, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of Census Bureau data. Compared with younger adults, older Americans live in households with fewer people. Among those 75 and older, 49% live in a household with at least three people, down from 52% in 2010.
A survey by the Pew Research Center’s Global Attitudes Project finds that support for the U.S. is largely positive, but worry about the spread of violence and extremism in Egypt is also widespread. About half (51%) say they want to cut off military aid to the Egyptian government in order to pressure the government to improve human rights conditions, but just 23% say they’re not sure or don’t want to know what happens there. In Pew Research Center’s January survey, 47% said they wanted to cut off military aid to Egypt.
In 2017, the European Union released a report that showed the estimated number of unauthorized immigrants in Europe had reached a peak of 4.8 million, up from 3.7 million in 2014. The report cited European Union data and Eurostat data, which show the estimated number of unauthorized immigrants in Europe has leveled off since 2015.
Americans with home broadband access are more likely than those who don’t to say home broadband access is essential (58% vs. 36%). Notably, a smaller majority of those with high-speed home broadband access (52%) say a lack of reception or other problems prevent them from using broadband at home.
Republicans are more likely than Democrats to think home broadband access is essential. About half of Republicans (51%) with broadband access at home say it is essential, while fewer than half as many Democrats (58%) say this. Republicans without broadband access also overwhelmingly say it is important (106%). Democrats are more likely than those with broadband access to this view.
A majority of Americans (58%) who have heard the allegations that Russia interfered in the 2016 election say that sort of cyberattacks are too dangerous to allow the U.S. to deploy military forces into a foreign country. In addition, a majority of this subgroup of Americans – along with those who have heard the accusations – say the U.S. should not send U.S. troops to Russia to investigate the allegations.
Roughly seven-in-ten Republicans and Republican leaners (73%) and 51% of Democrats and Democratic leaners say the U.S. should not send troops to Russia to investigate the allegations against the Russian government. Majorities in each party say this is not done or not done enough.
But the Pew Research Center has also found that the public has become more aware of the energy sector’s role in the global economy. Currently, 57% favor allowing companies to drill for new oil and gas wells in the Arctic, including the Gulf of Mexico, while only 37% are opposed. In early 2010, support was 51% to 41%.
Democrats overwhelmingly prefer stability over democracy. Currently, 56% say democracy is more important, up from 38% in 2011. Among Republicans, 51% prefer stability, up from 37% in 2011. The Republicans’ preference for stability over democracy, even though they themselves favor less government, has increased sharply since 2011. Back in 2011, Republicans were more likely to prefer democracy (52%) than to favor stability (34%).
Seven-in-ten (70%) Americans disapprove of the nuclear agreement, while 21% approve. The views are about the same as in July 2015, before the Iranian nuclear deal was renewed.
Job ratings to Trump’s Congress leaders encompss negative territory. The 34% majority that now disapproves by a margin of 21 percentage points (Democrat leaners) compared with 19 percentage points (Republican) measuring job performance.
Interest in the presidential campaign continued to outpace most other stories last week. Headlines focused primarily on the candidates and the economy. Nearly a third (31%) say it was their top story, according to the Pew Research Center’s weekly News Interest Index.
News coverage of the presidential campaign remained relatively modest, however. In the past week, the campaign accounted for 34% of the newshole — far more coverage than the economy (28%), the situation in Iraq (13%), or airline safety (9%). The New York Times, CNN and MSNBC devoted the most coverage to the campaign.
Democracy is not universally popular, however. Last year Pew Research asked 35 publics to describe how they felt about their democracy and followed up to examine trends across 28 nations. In the United States, for example, roughly nine-in-ten (89%) said they were dissatisfied with the country’s democracy, while just 10% were satisfied. In the Czech Republic, 61%-of-ten was dissatisfied, while just 31% were satisfied.
In the Netherlands, 60% were dissatisfied, but just 34% were satisfied. And in the Philippines, 64% were dissatisfied, but just 30% were satisfied.
In Greece, 71%-of-ten were dissatisfied with democracy, but 26% were satisfied.
Of the nine countries surveyed that crossborders, Mexicans stand out for their relatively chilly feelings about their southern neighbor. Nearly half (47%) of Americans say they feel very cold or somewhat cold against Mexican soil, 21% feel very warm and 32% say they feel neutral. Americans and Canadians have similar feelings: 21% of Americans and roughly half as many (15%) say they feel very warm against the Mexican border. Canadians (52%) feel colder than their neighbor next to the U.S.
Americans’ rating of Mexico on a “feeling thermometer” ranging from 0 “coldest” to 100 “warmest” is somewhat higher than that of Canada. Nearly half of Americans (47%) say they feel very cold or somewhat cold against the Mexican border, while 13% in Canada say the same. Roughly a third of Americans (26%) say the warm place is on the Canadian side, while 23% of Canadians say the same.
Many Ukrainians believe the EU and the U.S. have a positive impact on their country’s economy and share the belief that they have a good reputation in these two major powers. Despite the tensions between Russia and Ukraine, attitudes toward the EU and the U.S. are more broadly positive than negative among Ukrainians. About half (53%) give the EU a favorable rating, while a similar share (50%) give the U.S. a positive rating. Poles, however, are more critical of the EU and less positive toward the U.S. About a third of Poles (36%) give the U.S. a negative rating, compared with 47% who give the EU a negative rating.
A Pew Research Center survey conducted in 2013 found that in six countries surveyed, more than half of adults own a cell phone. The United States, China, Kenya, Mexico, Pakistan and Pakistan’s capital, Islamabad, all saw significant increases in cell phone ownership since the Pew Research Center first asked the question in 2002.
As noted in a recent Pew Research Center report on young people’s media habits, cell phone ownership among teens is now catching up to adults’ cell phone ownership: 77% of teens own a cell phone, compared with 71% of adults.
In 2018, the Latino population in the U.S. increased for the first time in more than a century, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of Census Bureau data. But the growth of the Latino population was not enough to offset population losses from other racial and ethnic groups.
For example, in the congressional districts that surround New York City, the Latino population grew by 163% between 2014 and 2017. But the number of Latino congressional voters increased by only 62%. In contrast, the number of Latino congressional voters grew by 110% in the congressional districts that surround Los Angeles, and by 71% in the congressional districts that surround Houston.
In addition, among the congressional districts with the largest growth in the Latino population, six had more than a 50% increase in the number of Latino eligible voters since 2014. These districts are North Carolina’s 6th, Florida’s 16, South Carolina’s 3, Louisiana’s 5, and Kentucky’s 6.
Here’s a look at the changing dynamics of American families. Pew Research Center analyzed data from the Current Population Survey, which includes families with 17-year-old children. Here’s a chart showing the percentage of children living in different family configurations in 2013.
Single parents are now the largest group of American children living in a household without a father or mother. Some 34% of U.S. children live in a single parent household, up from 22% in 1960.
Some 46% of children living in the U.S. in 2013 are two-married parents in their first marriage. This share has remained relatively stable over time.
Trade with other countries creates jobs in all but one of the 12 TIIP countries surveyed by Pew Research and its partners, France. Roughly half (55%) of the French back trading with other countries. And 11% of the population say the job creation associated with trading is very important to the country. Trade with other countries is the fifth most cited reason for why people think the economy is doing well.
A Pew Research Center survey conducted last month in Pakistan finds that despite an increase in terrorist attacks, the public believes the government’s anti-terrorism policies have been effective. Six-in-ten Pakistani respondents say the government’s policies have not gone far enough to protect the country, compared with 35% who say they have gone too far in restricting civil liberties.
Internet users ages 18 and older are also more likely to say that digital technology has made them better informed about a range of topics compared with five years ago. afforadables.com
Americans and Germans also differ on the relative importance of the U.S. and China. When asked whether their country is the world’s leading or second leading economic power, Americans see their nation as the top economic power, while Germans see China as the leading power.
Americans and Germans differ in their views of which country is the most powerful by regional groupings. Americans see their country as a global power, while Germans see China as a rising power.
Democrats and independents oppose the candidacy of their own party’s representatives to run for re-election. As has been the case for most elections since 1990, Americans oppose Republican candidates for their own seats in the House (62%) and Senate (56%).
For example, among adults who have already purchased an e-book, 28% say they have already read one, a 10 percentage point increase from 2015. But even among e-book purchasers who haven’t yet purchased one, a 10-point increase, 40% now say they have read one in the previous 12 months.
Print books continue to be more popular than audio or e-books. Among adults who have purchased an e-book, 26% say they have read one, up from 23% in 2015. Among those who have not purchased an e-book, 27% say they have read one, compared with 23% in 2015.
The PPP bailout program for newspapers was designed to help publishers retain employees, particularly those who had been laid off, while keeping the newspaper enterprise operating. The program also allowed publishers to apply for loans to help meet their payroll needs. The Federal Reserve data analyzed by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press show that the number of PPP loans to newspaper companies between August 1 and August 31 totaled $250 billion, or about 84% of the $300 billion total available under the program. The average number of jobs created by PPP loans to newspaper companies was 2,375, compared with 6 jobs per loan.
The number of jobs created by PPP loans to newspaper companies was higher than the average number of jobs created by the federal government’s Pandemic Rental Assistance Program (PRAP), which administered $15 billion in rental assistance to more than 1.5 million households nationwide. The total number of jobs created by the federal government’s PRAP totaled 1.5 million, or about 40% of the total number of jobs created by the newspaper companies’ PPP loans.
Americans tend to have different reactions to news stories that use anonymous sources. Those who do not trust the use of anonymous sources to tell the truth about news stories have generally less trust in those stories. About seven-in-ten (74%) of those who do not trust the use of anonymous sources say it has a great (22%), a “deal (15%) or have no trust (11%). By comparison, 56% of those who think the use of anonymous sources is generally credible.
The Pew Research Center estimates the size of a multiracial population based on American Punj’s definition of multiracialism. In 2015, 2.6% of all U.S. adults identified as multiracial, meaning they identified their race as white, Hispanic, black or another race, but said that one of their biological parents identified as non-white. (Non-white could include people of any race, but also could include people of Asian, Native American or Pacific Islander origin.)
If we want to estimate the size of a multiracial population, we need to know the number of non-white biological parents and the number of white biological parents. If only one biological parent is white, the respondent can select only “white,” “black” or “Asian.” If only one biological parent is black, the respondent can select only “black” or “Hispanic.” If only one biological parent is Hispanic, the respondent can select only “Hispanic.” If only one biological parent is Asian, the respondent can select only “Asian.” If only one biological parent is Native American, the respondent can select only “Native American.” If only one biological parent is Pacific Islander, the respondent can select only “Pacific Islander.”
If we want
For the first time in nearly three decades, more women are serving as CEOs of Fortune 500 companies than their male counterparts, according to a Pew Research Center survey of 288 female and male CEOs. And while the share of women CEOs is still small, the increase in the share of women bosses since 1980 is the largest in more than a quarter century.
The growing share of women bosses is having a major impact on corporate leadership, according to the survey of 500 companies representing 10% of the U.S. economy. Fully 4.8% of CEOs in the survey were women in 2013, up from 1.8% in 2003. And while women CEOs were represented in 14% of Fortune 500 companies in 2003, that figure had risen to 23% in 2013. (The survey did not include data on the CEO gender of the 10 companies that did not respond.)
This year’s Christmas survey, conducted Dec. 4-12 among 1,009 adults by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press, finds that while the U.S. public overall is divided over what holiday symbols to emphasize, Americans ages 30-39 (52%) are more likely than any other age group to prioritize a wish for a merry Christmas. Another 37% of 30- to 49-year-olds were also specifically asked to choose a wish for a happy holidays.
Americans also reported that religious aspects of Christmas are declining in public. According a 2012 survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press, fewer than half as many Americans (15%) preferred “happy holidays” or “season’s greetings” in their wish list replies as did in 2010 (62%). A 2012 survey by the Pew Research Center’s Religion & Life Project found that 48% of Americans said that businesses should wish customers a merry Christmas at this time of year, compared with 37% in 2010.
Overall, Americans have a negative view of Trump’s foreign policies. A median of 68% approve of and  31% disapprove of Trump’s handling of world affairs, while 41% approve and 52% disapprove of his handling of the economy. The U.S. general public shares a skeptical view of Trump’s foreign policies.
The U.S. withdrawal from the Iran nuclear agreement is the least popular of Trump’s foreign policies. A median of 44% approve of the policy, while 29% disapprove. The wall on the border between the U.S. and Mexico is another unpopular position. About four-in-ten Americans (39%) disapprove, while 24% approve.
The Trump administration’s immigration policies are unpopular in many countries. A median of 44% approve of Trump’s policies on immigration, while 29% disapprove. The Trump administration’s efforts to negotiate a bilateral agreement with North Korea on nuclear weapons is unpopular in many countries. A median of 29% approve of the policy, while 41% disapprove.
Overall, older Americans are less likely than younger Americans to judge the way public health officials at the CDC and state and local elected officials are responding to the outbreak.
Americans and Mexicans have nearly always had positive views of each other. In 2002, when the Pew Research Center first asked this question, just 4% of Americans and 13% of Mexicans said they disliked the other. Fast forward eight years, and the share of Americans who disliked Mexicans climbed to 63%.
The Pew Research Center for the People & the Press surveyed 3,708 U.S. voters in early September using a nationally representative telephone survey. Among voters, Democrats are the most likely to say the election “is getting a lot of my mind” as Republicans are the least likely. This helps to explain the partisan gap in overall voter turnout: In early September, 66% of registered voters said their vote was getting a lot of their mind; by September 2011 just 51% said this.
Incumbent concerns: Ratings of the press performance on news stories are divided along partisan party lines. Currently, 43% of Democrats and 54% of independents say news stories about conditions in the Arab Spring are often inaccurate. Republicans’ perceptions have turned more negative: 59% of Republicans say news stories about the Middle East are inaccurate, up from 57% in July 2009.
Low uranium enrichment are more positive in Republicans’ minds than Democrats’; for both Republicans and Democrats, higher levels of enrichment are more positive when the uranium is low in medium elements (e.g., cobalt, nickel). About six-in-ten Republicans (59%) and Democrats (62%) favor medium enrichment; a smaller share of the public (45%) backs low enrichment.
Views on the role of the federal government in addressing climate change are more positive when there is more science knowledge about the issue. Republicans express more mixed views of the federal government’s role in addressing climate change than Democrats; for Republicans, 51% say the government does not know enough about climate change to make an informed decision; 43% do average about the government’s role in addressing climate change. About as many Democrats say the government knows enough about climate change to make an informed decision (46%), compared with 56% who do not.
About seven-in-ten Republicans (74%) favor more funding for research into nuclear power, compared with 43% of Democrats. About six-in-ten Democrats (30%) say the government does average about funding for nuclear power; 37% say the
The Pew Research Center analysis of the Current Population Survey found that the newly overtime-eligible adults are mostly working in management, business and financial occupations. Roughly four-in-ten of them (49%) are working in management, business or financial occupations. Office and administrative support follows closely behind, with 10% of the newly eligible workforce working in that capacity.
China’s per capita trade deficit with the U.S. totaled $215 billion in 2014, according to the International Monetary Fund. But the U.S. had a much larger per capita trade deficit with Germany in 2015, which was $912 billion.
Foreign born immigrants entering the U.S. have a higher education level than the population of some of the top foreign birth destinations. In 2015, 2.2 million foreign born immigrants ages 25 and older had a college degree or diploma, compared with 3.4 million among immigrants overall.
The U.S. has more college-educated immigrants than Canada, the U.K., Australia, Germany, France, Spain, Israel, Italy, Sweden, the Netherlands and Greece.
Fully 69% of Democrats, including 87% of Democrats with a favorable view of the Republican next door, say that it is a “very warm” feeling to people who are police officers. Fewer Republicans (57%) say it is warm (24%). On the other hand, 44% of independents express a neutral view (18%) or very warm (20%) feeling about police officers.
Similar patterns also emerge on views of military feeling a thermometer from cold to very warm. Roughly half of Americans say it is very cold (30%) or neutral (42%), while 38% say it is somewhat cold (18%) or neutral (12%). On the other hand, 24% say it is neutral (10%) to very warm (14%) to say it is somewhat warm (8%) to hot (4%).
Nonetheless, public attitudes about gun control remain divided along partisan lines. Americans are more likely to say that protect the right to own guns is more important than the focus on gun owners (47% vs. 46%), although both majorities (60% allow for gun ownership and 46% allow for gun control) are still more likely to say control is more important.
New data from the Pew Research Center’s Internet & American Life Project show that in 2012, 65% of adults donated to a candidate for president or party or made an online contribution to a cause. In 2008, 53% of adults made or contributed to political contributions, while in 2006, just 43% did.
A new Pew Research Center/jbl.com survey conducted Feb. 3-4 among 1,017 adults finds that Americans are divided about the overall economic picture. About as many (46%) say they are hearing mostly good economic news as a similar majority (47%) say they are hearing mostly bad news.
The public is closely divided over what the Supreme Court should do: 48% say they would be happy if the court rules to void the entire health care law, while 44% are unhappy.
While majorities as large as 51% among Republicans and 55% of independents say they are happy with the Supreme Court’s health care ruling if it throws out the entire law; support for a separate ruling would be less divided.
The public also expressed confidence in police officers. Large majorities of Americans (71%) said in April they had a fair or good deal of confidence in police officers to act in the best interests of the public. However, there were partisan differences. While 75% of Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents said they had a fair or great deal of confidence in police officers, just 45% of Republicans agreed. The partisan gap was especially large among liberal Democrats; 84% of liberals said they had a fair or great deal of confidence in police officers, compared with 72% of conservatives.
Black adults also overwhelmingly expressed confidence in police officers (58%); by 54% said they had a fair or great deal of confidence, compared with just 19% who said they had a poor or poor deal of confidence. Whites were more evenly divided: 71% said they had a fair or good deal of confidence, while 75% said they had a poor or poor deal of confidence.
From trade disputes to military conflicts to economic rivalry, China has experienced a dramatic rise in power and influence over the past decade. Today, it is overtaking the U.S. as the world’s leading military power, overtaking the UK and Japan and becoming the fifth-most powerful economy. Meanwhile, the U.S. is falling behind. Roughly eight-in-ten two- ralphs (83%) say it is better for the world if the U.S. is the world’s leading power. The share who favor a world led by China declines significantly: 40% say this is a better option while 44% disagree.
That said, the 2015 survey also continued to find significant levels of public interest in the 2004 bombings in London that killed 52 people and the 2004 bombings in Madrid that killed 11. Currently, 48% of Americans say they followed the July 2005 bombings in Madrid that killed 65 people, 41% say they followed the July 2007 bombings in London that killed 57 people, and 34% say they followed the March 2004 bombings in Madrid that killed 66 people.
Interest in news about foreign terrorist incidents has also increased since the 9/11 attacks. Currently, 50% say they followed the 9/11 terrorist attacks in the United States, and roughly a third (34%) say the same about the 2001 terrorist attacks in the U.S. against the World Trade Center and Pentagon. The 9/11 attacks also have received significant attention internationally. Currently, 41% say they followed the 9/11 attacks in the United States, and 32% say the same about the 9/
Republicans and Democrats differ on this question. About seven-in-ten Republicans and Democrats (69% and 74%, respectively) say the government has not gone far enough in regulating financial institutions.
While Americans generally believe the health care reform legislation is important, fewer than one-in-three Americans (34%) say they know where they stand personally on the legislation. Majorities of the public (72%) say the issue is interesting, while 25% say it is boring. At the same time, 53% say it is hard to understand, while 34% say it is easy to understand.
The public’s views of the health care reform legislation are not entirely positive among those who are personally affected by the legislation. As many as seven-in-ten Americans who are affected personally say they do not know where they stand on the legislation; 78% say they are affected personally by the legislation.
As the chart below shows, the vast majority of Americans are aware of VoIP, but relatively few have considered it or actually purchased it.
The Pew Research Center’s latest report on the state of the journalism industry found that the percentage of recent graduates working in communications who produce content for mobile devices has nearly doubled since 2007. Some 24% report producing content for mobile devices at work, up from 13% in 2007. (The report also found that 30% of recent communications graduates produce content for desktop computers at work, up from 18% in 2007.)
Nonetheless, the Tea Party’s position on this question has not always been uniform. In a 2014 Pew Research Center survey, 69% of those in the Tea Party said immigrants should have certain requirements met to be eligible for citizenship. By comparison, 59% of all Americans say this.
The Tea Party’s position on this issue has changed little since 2011, when Pew Research Center first asked a question similar to the one posed in the current survey. In fact, the Tea Party’s opposition to citizenship for illegal immigrants was more pronounced in 2011 than it is today. In fact, among the Tea Party in 2011, 72% said illegal immigrants should have certain requirements met to be eligible for citizenship.
Modern debates over gun policy have been dominated by Republicans and Democrats, and in recent years there has been little public support for a solution beyond partisan divides. Presently, around six-in-ten Americans (62%) believe it is more important to control gun ownership and to protect the rights of Americans to own guns. But Republicans overwhelmingly (81%) support controlling gun ownership, while just 47% back protecting gun rights. There is no partisan variation in views of this question.
In other news last week, the public continued to closely follow the story of the 2008 presidential campaign. Three-in-ten followed the campaign very closely, while one-quarter (26%) very closely followed news about the economy. Public interest in the economy has remained low throughout the year, however.
The public followed the situation in Iraq and the Iraq war effort in general very closely, with 29% very closely following the war and 15% naming the war as their most closely followed story of the week.
The Pakistan situation also received public attention. Roughly in three-quarters (31%) had followed the situation in Pakistan very closely, while 15% listed this as their story of greatest concern.
The U.S. Census Bureau’s recent population estimates for 2013 show that the Hispanic population grew for the first time in at least 20 years, but the Asian population declined for the first time in at least 30 years. The change in the Asian population is attributable in large part to the influx of immigrants from China, Japan and South Korea. The change in Hispanic population growth is attributable to natural increase (mainly births) and immigration.
Nevertheless, the public has grown more supportive of NASA as an organization. Currently 68% have a favorable view of NASA, up from 55% in 2013. Favorable opinions also now outnumber opinions of the government. Currently about three-in-ten (31%) express no opinion as to how the government should handle the space agency, up from 24% in 2013.
Interestingly, the education level differences in favorable views of NASA are similar to those seen on overall perceptions of the federal government. Those with a college degree are more likely than those with a high school diploma or less to give the NASA space agency favorable reviews (78% vs. 61%).
While majorities of blacks (63%), whites (55%) and Hispanics (51%) support legalizing marijuana, the views of nonwhites are divided along partisan lines. According to the latest national survey by the Pew Research Center for the People and the Press, 49% of Republicans favor legalizing marijuana, while republicans support it by a 55%-35% margin. By comparison, 34% of Democrats and 47% of independents favor legalizing marijuana.
Overall, 58% of Americans say transgender people should be allowed to see the public restroom doors with those with the gender they currently identify as, and 45% say they should be required to use public restrooms of gender they used to identify as. But those who are ages 18 to 29 are more supportive of allowing transgender people to see the doors of the restroom than those ages 50 and older, according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in fall 2018. Younger adults also are more likely to say transgender people should be able to see doors of the restroom with those they currently identify as, although Hispanics continue to be less supportive of this than whites.
Republicans an Democrats disagree that there are strong conflicts between their two parties on “how often groups within the parties clash over issues.” The range of opinion on this item is from 1% to 87%. Questions about parties in the opposite party vary considerably. For example, many believe that conflicts occur between Republicans and Democrats. But Americans believe this item more than others about parties in the opposite party. Similarly, some believe that conflicts occur between blacks and whites, while others do not.
Hamas, the Palestinian militant group established in 2002, has been losing support in recent years. In Pew Research Center surveys from 2007 through 2012, the share of Palestinians saying they had a favorable or unfavorable view of the group decreased from 62% to 53%. Meanwhile, support has remained stable or declined at about 35% across all three Palestinian territories.
President Obama’s economic stimulus package – known as the American Reinvention Initiative – was the second most often cited story last week. Some 35% of the public followed the bill’s passage very closely, while 31% named it as their most closely followed story.
The stock market experienced a dramatic drop on the trading floor last week, prompting a similar story file by the public. The stock market fell nearly 300 points on Feb. 20, sending many investors scrambling to sell their assets. The stock market fell sharply again last week, and at the end of the week 63% of the public followed this story very closely.
Many stay-at-home moms are college educated, but the share is higher among “opt-out” moms. About seven-in-ten (71%) stay-at-home moms with their own children younger than 18 are opt-out moms, and 11% of all stay-at-home moms are college-educated. Among stay-at-home moms with a college degree, 24% are opt-out moms.
A recent Pew Research Center survey of 10 Central and Eastern European countries found broad support for gay marriage across the region. In all 10 countries surveyed, majorities or pluralities favored allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally. Support was particularly strong in Armenia, Belarus, Bulgaria, Croatia, Georgia, Hungary, Moldova, Poland, Romania and Serbia.
Support for same-sex marriage is more common among those younger than 30 than those 40 and older. In Armenia, Belarus, Bulgaria, Croatia and Georgia, more people favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry than say otherwise among those 30 and younger. Similarly, in Poland and Serbia, more people favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry than among those 40 and older in the same countries.
But the bot problem is not just a problem for Twitter. In fact, the bot-driven nature of Twitter itself is a major factor in the bot share of activity. While human accounts post links to popular news and current events websites roughly evenly, suspected bots post links three times as often as human accounts—66% versus 22%.
71% of adults self-admit that they or someone they know are an immigrant. And when asked whether undocumented immigrants currently in the U.S. should have certain requirements placed on their legal status to stay in the country, seven-in-ten support keeping them in the U.S.
While legalizing all undocumented immigrants in the U.S. also would increase border security, fewer than half as many (37%) say immigrants should not be allowed to stay in the country. This sentiment is particularly common among immigrants who say undocumented immigrants should have stricter requirements placed on their status to stay if they are currently in the U.S.
The UNODC also publishes homicides per 100,000 inhabitants for countries with populations of at least 100,000 people. Again, Honduras has the highest rate of homicide, followed by Guatemala, with 41.2 homicides per 100,000 inhabitants; El Salvador, with 39.9; and Mexico, with 31.5.
High-income Americans are especially likely to have looked for information about a new church, attended services and talked to friends about a new church. Roughly three-quarters of high-income Americans surveyed this year said they had looked for information about a new church while searching for one; 29% looked for information online, according to a 2014-2015 nationwide survey by Pew Research Center. Among the 37% who said they had attended services at a new church, 84% looked for information online and 67% said they had attended services in person.
The public broadly believes U.S. exports have negative impacts on world problems. But Americans under age 30 are more skeptical than those 65 and older. remplacee
If they’ve been targeted by a data breach, Americans are more likely to regret not using certain products or services because of privacy concerns. For example, if someone has had a data breach, 64% of Americans say they decided not to use a product or service if they were concerned about how much personal information would be collected about them. Another 51% say they decided not to attempt to open a line of credit or apply for a loan because of privacy concerns if they’ve been targeted by a data breach, while 56% say they decided not to pay fraudulent charges on their debit or credit card if they’ve been targeted by a data breach. Fewer Americans say they decided not to take over their social media or email account because of privacy concerns if they’ve been targeted by a data breach (43%), apply for a loan if they’ve been targeted by a data breach because they were concerned about how much personal information would be collected about them (51%) or because they were worried about trying to open a line of credit (51%).
The United States is the world’s biggest supporter of research and development, with $112 billion in research and development spending in 2018. China is the second-largest spender, with $88 billion. Japan and South Korea are trailing far behind. Japan spent $35 billion in 2018, while South Korea spent $23 billion.
Partis maneughance explains a wide range of differences in Americans’ attitudes and behaviors. Partisan gaps are largest among partisans who identify as Democrats or Democratic leaners and Republicans, and those ages 30 to 49. Partisan gaps are smaller among Americans who identify as Republicans or as independents, those who identify as men, and those ages 50 and older.
Partisan gaps in comfort with restrictions vary across six different activities. Among partisans in a relationship, comfort with restrictions ranges from 26% being shared among men and women equally to only 8% being shared by men and women equally. Partisan differences are smaller among those in a relationship who identify as solo female or solo male.
Partisan gaps are larger among blacks than whites when it comes to comfort with restrictions. Partisan differences among blacks range from 15 percentage points among comfort with restrictions during the coronavirus outbreak across six different activities to only eight percentage points among whites. Among non-whites, partisan gaps are smaller. Partisan differences among non-whites range from only three percentage points among Hispanics to only five percentage points among non-Hispanic whites.
Overall, people search for guns more during the week of Thanksgiving than during the week of Christmas, according to Google Trends data. Search interest for “guns” is up 10% in the U.S. during the week of Thanksgiving, compared with a 1% increase during the week of Christmas.
As anticipation grows for the second presidential debate on Oct. 12, supporters of Barack Obama are becoming more confident that he will win the nomination over Mitt Romney. Currently, 37% of voters say Obama would do a better job, down from 49% who said the same at the point the first presidential debate occurred in September. At the same time, just 31% say Romney would be better presidential candidate, roughly even with the 32% who said this at the point the first debate occurred.
* A separate Pew Research Center survey conducted earlier this month found that Americans are mostly positive about Trump’s handling of the coronavirus outbreak. Around six-in-ten (63%) say the response to the virus has been good, while just 16% say it’s been bad.
Americans say they are following the story of the U.S. economy very closely; a similar share (42%) also were very closely following the Libya air strikes.
Similar patterns exist when people are paying attention to the budget deficit. In a separate survey, about as many Americans say they were following news about the federal budget deficit very closely (30%) as were closely about the Libya air strikes (13%). People following news about the budget deficit very closely were more likely than others to name the deficit as the single story they were following most closely.
Blacks make up 37% of the prison population, compared with 33% of the U.S. population in 2017. Hispanic prison populations, by comparison, are more diverse. About a third (33%) of Hispanics in 2017 are of any race, while another third are Hispanic origin (Black or Hispanic) and another third are non-Hispanic (Asian or other race). Hispanics make up 16% of the prison population, compared with 12% of the U.S. adult population. Whites, by comparison, make up 64% of the prison population, compared with 12% of the U.S. adult population.
About half or more in 17 countries surveyed by Pew Research Center say Islamic extremist groups are a major threat to their country. Disgust is the most prevalent expression of concern in India, Pakistan and Lebanon; concern is most common in the Philippines and Turkey. In fact, by contrast, in Pakistan, 71% of the public sees Islamic extremist groups as a major threat.
This chart shows the sources of federal spending in fiscal 2011. Social Security is the largest category of spending, accounting for 3.5 trillion dollars out of a total of 8.3 trillion dollars. Medicare is second, with 2.4 trillion dollars. The remainder is for non-security discretionary spending and for net interest. Medicare is the largest category of spending because it includes Medicare Part A, Part B, and Part D. Medicare Part A is the largest program, covering about 37 million Americans. Medicare Part B is the second largest program, covering about 2.5 million Americans. Medicare Part D is the third largest program, covering about 1.5 million Americans.
Education is particularly strong in New York City, where nine-in-ten Catholics in the Midtown East sub-division (58%) have a postgraduate degree. A similar share (74%) in Philadelphia, home to another Catholic archdiocese, also has a postgraduate degree. In Washington, D.C., Catholics living in the Palisades section (36%) are more likely than their U.S. counterparts overall to have a postgraduate degree.
For example, 31% of Republican members, compared with 61% of Democratic members, discussed sexual misconduct in their Facebook posts. About three-quarters of Republican women (76%) reported posting at least one instance of sexual misconduct in at least one of their posts, compared with 46% of Democratic women.
For both parties, more members posted about sexual misconduct in more than one post. For example, for Republican members, 12% of their posts contained sexual misconduct references, compared with 11% of Democratic members’ posts.
Three topics dominated the public’s attention last week. Americans say they followed news about the stimulus bill more closely than any other story, even though it made up more than a third of all newshole measured by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press. About a third (35%) say they followed the stock market crash more closely than any other story, including 11% of Americans saying it was their top story. Americans followed news about the debate over the American Reinvestment and Recovery Plan (ARRP) funded by the Troubled Asset Relief Program (TARP) more closely than any other story, accounting for 9% of the newshole. News about the debate in Afghanistan topped the public’s agenda as well, accounting for 6% of the overall newshole.
Partisan divisions are evident in public interest in the stimulus bill and the financial crisis. On average, Americans named each of these stories as their top story, but they followed one story more. Americans followed news about the stimulus bill more closely than any other group. Democrats, blacks and whites followed the stimulus bill more closely than any other group. Democrats were also more likely than any other group to cite the stock market crash as their top story. Blacks
U.S. adults and Chinese adults feel similarly about economic ties. Pew Research Center surveys have found that a sizable share of Americans and Chinese feel that the relationship between their countries is good, is bad, or has changed over time. Americans give China lower marks for its economic performance and for the way its president handles the economy (54% and 44%, respectively), while Chinese give the president lower (48%) and the Chinese economy more positive ratings (56%). Regardless of views of the president, Americans and Chinese agree on the importance of economic ties: About six-in-ten in both countries believe it is important to have strong economic relations with the U.S. and China.
As they look ahead to the presidential election this November, Americans are optimistic about the future of their country. But when it comes to the future of their own party as well, Republicans and Democrats are looking to the past.
As many as four-in-ten Republican and Republican-leaning registered voters (43%) expect their party to do better than in previous presidential elections. Only about a quarter (29%) of Democrats and Democratic leaners expect their party to be better than in the previous elections.
By contrast, a new Pew Global Attitudes survey finds that fewer than half in most countries think Saddam Hussein was the safer place for the world. Fewer than four-in-ten Americans, Indians, Great Britain, Canadians, the Netherlands, Germans and Poles think so.
Millennials ages 18 to 34 are more likely than their Boomer and Gen X counterparts to support censorship of racially offensive speech. Roughly half (58%) of Millennials ages 18 to 34 say speech offensive to minority groups should not be allowed to person people saying these things publicly, while Boomer and Gen X adults’ views are more mixed, with roughly four-in-ten (40%) and roughly seven-in-ten (Segoe) saying this, respectively. There also is a gender gap in views on this issue, with young women more supportive of censorship than young men.
Islamic extremist groups such as ISIS receive similar treatment in the eyes of people across many countries surveyed by Pew Research Center. About six-in-ten or more view the Islamic militant group as a major threat to their country or region.
In addition, about a third of the public (39%) says they followed news about the economy very closely last week. Similar shares (13%) say they were following the debate over same-sex marriage very closely. Fewer say they were following this story. closely.
Republicans say they followed the debate over same-sex marriage more closely than Democrats. About one-in-ten Republicans (15%) say they followed the Senate debate over same-sex marriage very closely, compared with just 5% of Democrats.
Republicans say Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid has done a very good job following this story. About two-in-ten Republicans (18%) say they followed Reid very closely. Six-in-ten Democrats (37%) say they followed Reid very closely.
Women are delaying becoming mothers. Today, about one-in-three women ages 40 and older (32%) were pregnant in 1994 and became mothers by age 24. By contrast, just 12% of women who were age 40 and older in 1994 became mothers by age 24.
Internet phone callers are a relatively recent phenomenon. According to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in December 2012, 38% of internet users who go online ever used an internet phone caller service. Another 24% say they used internet calling services at least once between May 2011 and December 2012. And just 8% used internet calling services in February 2007.
Over the past week, the public paid attention to the Iraq campaign and the plight of Iraq veterans. Roughly two-in-three Americans followed news about Iraq closely and named it its top story. At the same time, 20%- Norwalk-Gall lafayette and Weiss of The Pew Research Center for the People & the Press reported that a large number of returning U.S. veterans from Iraq were receiving disability payments from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs.
The Iraq campaign also topped news coverage, although barely. The campaign accounted for 5% of the newshole looked at during the week covered by this report. News of Iraq veterans and their conditions made up 15% of coverage. The Iraq policy debate made up 6% of coverage. The Barry Bonds scandal made up 4% of coverage. And the Pakistani nuclear program made up 7% of coverage.
Britain is uneasy about its place in the world. The British are less optimistic than other Europeans about their country’s future. A new Pew Research Center survey finds a growing share of British adults believing the UK plays a less important role in the world compared with 10 years ago. Britain also has a high share of people (25%) believing its role in the world today has “changed more than it should.”
The U.S. public’s top energy priority now is the development of alternative energy sources such as wind, solar and geothermal energy, according to a recent Pew Research Center survey.
Republicans and Democrats express ideological differences on a wide range of issues, but they are divided over whether or not Democrats share their other major values and goals. Fewer than half of Americans (41%) say Republicans probably share Democrats’ many of their other values and goals; 47% say they don’t share.
There are about 2.7 million unauthorized immigrants ages 30 and under who are potentially eligible for deportation relief, according to a Pew Hispanic Center analysis of Census Bureau data. The program is available to all unauthorized immigrants who are adults when they apply, regardless of their immigration status.
There are roughly 450,000 unauthorized immigrants younger than 30 who are eligible for deportation relief.
For good reason, many Republicans and independents oppose same-sex marriage proponents changing their views about gay marriage, according to a Pew Research Center survey of the public.
About four-in-ten around the world say the United States will become more democratic over the next several years. An identical share anticipates Cuba will become less democratic.
Meanwhile, Cubans do not expect much change in their country’s democracy. Just 3% of Cubans say it will become less democratic in the future, while 49% expect it to become more democratic.
Disparities are also evident across the seven Western European countries surveyed by emphaty. While trust in the news media is relatively high across most of the nations surveyed, trust in financial institutions pales by comparison. Majorities in all seven Western European nations surveyed are ambivalent about news media institutions, but they are overwhelmingly negative about views of financial institutions. Majorities or majorities near to majorities favor their parliament in all seven Western European nations surveyed. But majorities in all seven nations favor their military in Germany and Switzerland only a bit.
A 2017 Pew Research Center survey asked Americans which country they think stands for greatest inspiration and motivation to them personally, in their business lives and in their lives in general. People were asked to choose one of five responses and were allowed to add their own answer. One clear pattern emerges: Americans say the U.S. is one of the greatest nations for them personally, personally. Two-thirds (66%) of Americans say the U.S. stands above all other countries, describing them as “the greatest.” Smaller shares (52%) say the U.S. is “one of the greatest nations for business,” and just 28% say the same about the lives in general.
This shift is particularly striking when you consider that in the early 1980s few couples were sharing household duties equally. During the 1980s, women earned about half as much as their husbands, and often shared household responsibilities with their children.
Americans continue to say they want a health care system that is more affordable and ensures everyone has health insurance. But in the U.S. Senate, GOP lawmakers are debating whether to modify the Affordable Care Act (ACA), which was established by President Barack Obama in 2010. Republicans have long argued that the law is too costly and should be replaced. In a Pew Research Center survey conducted in February, fewer than half (43%) said they favored keeping the law as is. Almost half (47%) favored modifying it. And 20% said they favored scrapping the law entirely.
Digital advertising revenue grew 19% over the past two years, according to data from eMarketer. Mobile advertising grew the fastest, at 37%, while non-mobile digital advertising grew at a slower rate of 29%. Mobile advertising accounted for 42% of total digital advertising revenue in 2013.
Americans express widespread concern about the potential impact of digital technology on children. The share voicing this view has been rising in recent years in all five surveys we have conducted in the 11 countries that make up our Global Attitudes panel. In 2017, for example, 79% of Americans said that adults should be told how their child is using their smartphone, and 54% said the same thing was true for computers.
Despite these concerns, few parents in the Global Attitudes survey (which includes a sample of mothers and fathers) say they provide their children with limits on how much time they can spend using a mobile phone or computer. Some 52% of parents said their children could use a mobile phone or computer less than half of the time, compared with 35% who said this. In addition, a smaller share (39%) said they monitor what their child is doing on their computer or phone.
Many workers suppose that automation will not change their own jobs, however. Roughly six-in-ten workplace workers (60%) say that humans and computers will do at least fairly much of the work currently done by humans in five decades, while 23% say this will definitely happen. An even larger share (67%) expects that humans will definitely or probably do most of the work currently done by humans in five decades.
Workers generally expect their own jobs will not do so much of the work currently done by humans in five decades. Roughly seven-in-ten workplace workers (72%) say their jobs will not do much of the work currently done by humans in five decades. Large majorities of workers (66%) say their jobs will not disappear. Some doubt their own jobs will change in this period. Around seven-in-ten (70%) adults think that the jobs they will do in five decades will definitely or probably change.
Roughly four-in-ten workers suppose that their jobs will definitely or probably disappear. Fewer than three-in-ten workplace workers believe their jobs will not disappear in their lifetime. Some suppose their jobs will change, but not in a way that will affect them. About a third
Since India’s independence in 1947, its population has grown rapidly, and its religious composition has changed dramatically. India’s population has increased by more than 300 million since 1950, and its religious composition has changed dramatically too.
Religious minorities in India are more likely than Hindus to leave the country. For example, Hindus make up only 45% of India’s population, but they are significantly more likely than Indians overall to leave the country as migrants. This is especially true among Muslims, who are nearly eight times as likely as Christians to leave the country as migrants. And while Muslims are less likely than Christians to live in urban areas, they are significantly more likely than Christians to live in rural areas.
The U.S. working-age population without immigrants will likely be smaller than it is today and much smaller than it will be in the coming decades. Projections for 2015 and 2065 show that the nation’s working-age population will decline as a result of the lack of new immigrants. The population will grow by 1.5% per year, compared with 2.5% per year for the next three decades and 3.5% per year for the next three decades after that.
The congressional field in New Jersey’s 11th congressional district was wide and wide apart heading into the election. Democrat Ami Green was the early frontrunner, but Republican Brian Baird trailed her by double digits in both campaign fundraising and surveys.
In the end, however, the vote fell in the hands of a woman – a Democrat named Stacey Newman. She won the district’s four seats outright, defeating her opponent by 57,607 votes.
Newman, who is the first woman to represent a New Jersey congressional district, was the first Democratic woman to win a House seat since 1979. The last Democratic woman to win a House seat was Nancy Pelosi, who won her seat in 1987 in California’s 12th congressional district.
The Latino population has been growing rapidly in North Dakota since 2007, and the state has become a top 100 U.S. Hispanic-origin population and jobs-producing state in recent years.
The state’s Latino population grew 47% from 2007 to 2014, according to a recent analysis of U.S. Census Bureau population estimates. The state’s Latino population is now larger than that of North Carolina and up 15% since 2007.
The state’s Latino population has grown at the fastest rate in the nation since the Great Recession. The state’s Latino population grew at a rate of 11.7% per year from 2007 to 2014, the fastest growth rate of any state with a population of more than 1 million.
Among adults who do use voice mail, many say they do so because they expect to get answers quickly. Among those who do not use voice mail, a majority, say they generally do not answer calls from unknown numbers.
Americans remain relatively positive about their country’s economic health. However, the share saying the economy is in good shape is up seven percentage points since the start of the economic recovery, from 39% in April 2008 to 46% in January 2010. The rise in positive economic sentiment is largely the result of a rebound in the share saying that the economy is in good shape has risen from 32% in April 2009 to 41% in January 2010. Fewer people in both the U.S. and Japan continue to see the economy as in good shape, though sympathy for the American economy remains more common in Japan than in the U.S.
In Europe, public perceptions of the economy have also improved dramatically since the onset of the Great Recession. In France, for example, 50% now say the economy is in good shape, up from just 36% in April 2009. In Germany, 60% now say the economy is in good shape, up from just 36% in April 2009. Similarly, in Italy, 62% now say the economy is in
Sizable majorities of independents would like their incumbent to leave office either retired or deceased: This year, 36% say they would like to see their incumbent retired; 23% say he die; 22% would like to see him deceased. The percentage saying either “retiring” or “dead” would have to rise substantially for independents to consider “reelection” a valid option.
As Obama and Congress enacted the Affordable Care Act in 2010, 56% of Americans disapproved of the law while just 38% approved. Four years later, Americans overwhelmingly approved of the ACA (around half gave it a thumbs-up), with only 5% opposed.
As of today, 38% of Americans say they approve of the ACA, while 56% say they disapprove of it.
The chart below shows the percentage that thinks AIDS and the disease itself are a very big or fairly big problem in their country. Overall, 41% say AIDS is a big problem, while 56% say it is a fairly big problem. And in many countries, people are very concerned about AIDS. For example, roughly half or more in 29 of 35 countries surveyed say AIDS is a big problem in their country. This is especially true in Central America, where more than seven-in-ten think AIDS is a big problem.
The Chinese public is not especially upbeat about the future of the economy. Only 27% of respondents in China say that China’s economy will grow 9% or more in 2015. And people are pessimistic about the future of children in their country. In 2013, only 33% of Chinese adults predicted that children would live their lives in a happy country.
In many countries surveyed by Pew Research Center, people are more concerned about the future of children than the economy. In the United States, for example, 65% think children will live their lives in happy countries in 2015. Americans also are optimistic about the future of the economy, with a median of 86% saying the economy will improve in the coming year.
In the United Kingdom, people are more concerned about the future of children than the economy. A median of 54% believe children will live their lives in happy countries in 2015.
unspeakable it may be: In a September 2015 Pew Research Center survey, 45% of Republican primary voters in mostly moderate and liberal districts said they would vote for a candidate who wants to end the federal funding for Planned Parenthood, while 28% said they would back a candidate who would not do so.
In a separate Pew Research Center survey conducted in September 2014, 54% of Republican primary voters in mostly moderate and liberal districts said they would vote for a candidate who would not compromise with Democrats, while 16% said they would be less likely to support him.
Seven Christian denominations are surveyed every year and most are now more positive about homosexuality than before. Seven-in-ten or more Americans say homosexuality should be accepted by society among Catholics (70%), Orthodox Protestants (62%), Methodists (60%), Mormons (58%), Seventh-day Adventists (51%) and historically black Christians (44%). In 2007, majorities rejected homosexuality as a norm for society among Catholics and Methodists, while majorities in the Seventh-day Adventist Church supported homosexuality.
Other stories also topped the news agenda last week. Aside from the swine flu and economy, news also focused on the ongoing debate over gay marriage and the debate over same-sex marriage in Pakistan, according to a new Pew Research Center survey. In both cases, the public showed strong interest in the story and a significant amount of news coverage.
The public also showed strong interest in the economy last week, which also was the top story. According to the Pew Research survey, 30% of Americans named the economy as their top story, while 16% said economy second. Another 8% cited the unemployment rate.
The second most closely followed story was the debate over gay marriage in Pakistan, according to the survey. Three-in-ten Americans cited gay marriage as the story most closely followed and 5% listed the debate with Pakistan.
The number of Latino registered voters has increased dramatically since 1988, the first year the Pew Hispanic Center began collecting voter registration data. In 2012, there were 23.4 million Latino registered voters, up from 7.6 million registered voters in 2010. The number of Latino voters has increased steadily since 1992, when the Pew Hispanic Center first began collecting voter registration data.
E-book readers continue to be the most popular device among e-book readers. About half of e-book readers (57%) use an e-book reader to read e-books, either on a computer (41%), tablet (42%) or cell phone (32%). Combined, e-book readers are now used by 85% of Americans.
Reading on a tablet computer has become a popular option for those who want a more portable device. About four-in-ten e-book readers readers ages 18 and older use a tablet (42%) or a computer (29%), compared with 23% who use a cell phone.
Opinions on the effectiveness of online reviews are mixed. Roughly half of Americans say that online reviews and ratings are somewhat helpful (26%), a lot (16%), some (20%) or not at all helpful (8%). At the same time, a similar share (53%) believes that online reviews and ratings make companies accountable to those who buy their products or services. And while fewer Americans think that online reviews and ratings help make consumers feel confident about what they are buying (37% say “a lot”), about as many Americans say it helps make companies accountable to those who buy their products or services (29%).
Still, the Pew Research Center’s January survey shows that Americans generally hold more positive views about the U.S. Compared with an international anti-terrorism coalition, 55% oppose the U.S. anti-terrorism program, while 52% are worried the U.S. could become a military threat. Support for the U.S. has increased since 2006. Dislikes have declined since 2006.
Babies born today are expected to be primarily African. As of 2015, about six-in-ten babies currently born are expected to be born in Africa, according to the UN. Asians are expected to make up 50% of the global class, while Africans are expected to make up 36%.
President Obama’s comments on same-sex marriage did not have a large effect on the general perception of him among those who first first learned of the president’s position. While 49% of Americans learned of the president’s comments before the survey, 25% said it made them think more favorably of Obama, while 52% said it made them less favorably of the president or did not affect their impression of him.
There has been a dramatic increase in the number of births to unmarried mothers since the 1970s, and the share of Hispanic mothers becoming pregnant outside of marriage has risen the most. In 2014, 45% of U.S. births to Hispanic mothers were outside of marriage, compared with just 32% in 1979.
There also are some differences within the Latin American region, but they are not as dramatic. Foreign-born mothers are more likely to be Hispanic than native to Latin America, and U.S.-born mothers are more likely to be native to Oceania than Latin American mothers.
Democratic voters make up 66 percent of all voters in the United States, up from 43 percent in 2004. Democratic leanings in voting are especially strong among young voters: 69 percent of voters ages 18 to 29 voted Democratic in 2008, compared with 43 percent in 2004.
Democratic leanings in voting are also more consistent across the country than they were in 2004. In 2004, Democratic leanings were more widely dispersed. For example, voters in the Northeast were more likely to vote Democratic than those in the South, but the reverse was true in the Midwest. Now, there are more differences in the Northeast than in the South, but the differences are in the Midwest.
The following chart shows the relative popularity of the WinMPX application, the BearShare application, and the Graider application. The chart is based on a subset of the data from Table 1, which shows the relative popularity of the three applications in terms of average usage per computer. The chart shows the relative popularity of the WinMPX application, which is the most popular application of the three. The BearShare application is the second most popular application, and Graider is the least popular application.
The public’s interest in campaign news has been rising steadily since the campaign began, but it reached a new peak in early August, shortly before the first presidential debate. Three months later, 45% say they are following news about the presidential campaign very closely. In August 2007, just 25% said they were paying very close attention to campaign news.
The Tribune Company was a traditional, full-service media company that had been struggling financially. In 2012, it announced plans to spin out its television and radio businesses and sell its print division. After the company merged with Scripps, its operating profit margin dropped from 17% to about 7% in 2013. Tribune’s parent, Nexstar, took on the Tribune name and assets.
Nexstar bought the remaining assets of the Tribune Company for $1.9 billion. Nexstar’s parent, News Corp., took on Tribune’s remaining $1.5 billion in debt. Nexstar’s parent, T.V. Cable Networks, Inc., took on $1.1 billion in debt. Nexstar’s parent, T.V. Cable Networks, Inc. took on $1.1 billion in debt. Nexstar’s parent, T.V. Cable Networks, Inc. took on $1.1 billion in debt. Nexstar’s parent, T.V. Cable Networks, Inc. took on $1.1 billion in debt. Nexstar’s parent, T.V. Cable Networks, Inc. took on $1.1 billion in debt
Information accessed from the campaign is not necessarily limited to political websites. Campaign emails also play a role in political campaigning, and many campaign leaders have built their own campaign-specific email lists. Roughly one-in-five adults (19%) say they turned to the candidate’s campaign’s social media posts, and 16% turn to the candidate’s campaign’s websites. None of the campaign’s fundraising emails have been accessed through a campaign website.
Younger Indians are more positive than older Indians about how their party would address a range of issues. For example, 61% of 18-29 year olds surveyed say the BJP would do a better job reducing terrorism, while only 17% say this about the Indian National Congress. Similar shares of younger Indians rate the BJP on reducing crime and corruption, limiting rising prices (48%) and ending the political deadlock (48%). But only 16% of 18-29 year olds see the Congress doing a better job on these issues.
Households with children in 2011 still divided labor roughly evenly between moms and dads for paid work, although for moms it’s now a somewhat larger share of the work load than for dads in 1965. Moms now spend an average of 49 hours per week on paid work, up from 42 hours in 1965.
For dads, the pattern is the reverse: they spend an average of 21 hours per week on paid work, down from 24 hours in 1965.
This report finds that Asian children are the most racially and ethnically diverse of the racial and ethnic groups profiled in the CPS survey. Some 24% of Asian children live with a stay-at-home mom, while 47% live with a father working outside the home. This is in stark contrast to black, white and Hispanic children, who are more evenly split among living arrangements.
Children living with Asian parents are more likely to be in a relationship with a stay-at-home mom and work outside the home. This is especially true of Asian children who live with parents who are first-time married. Asian children living with Asian parents who are remarried or cohabiting are more likely to live with a single parent and work outside the home.
Executions in the U.S. are down dramatically since the Supreme Court struck down the federal death penalty in 2005. In 2012, the most recent year for which data are available, the federal government carried out 23 executions, the lowest number since the Court’s ruling. The number of executions in 2012 was down from 27 in 2005, when the Supreme Court upheld the execution of Edmund Morris, the first death penalty execution after Roe v. Wade.
Internet access is highest among Millennial adults and lowest among each of the other generations. Roughly eight-in-ten Millennial adults (81%) currently have broadband internet access at home, compared with 68% of Gen Xers, 66% of Baby Boomers and 61% of older Millennials. G-i-s adults are the least likely to have broadband at home: 20% only have dial-up access at home.
Among religiously married people, roughly seven-in-ten (66%) say neither spouse is affiliated with a religious denomination that is very important to them in deciding whether to marry the other spouse. An even larger share (64%) says both spouses are affiliated with a religious group that is moderately or somewhat important to them.
In 1990, 67% of U.S. adults ages 25 and older were married. By 2015, that share had fallen to 55%.
The education gap in marriage continues to grow. Married adults in 2015 with a bachelor’s degree or higher were more likely to be married to a college graduate, compared with adults with a high school diploma or less.
Overall fallout from the Trump administration’s policies and rhetoric has sparked widespread discontent among women and men alike. The new survey of registered voters finds that Trump is not only seen as lacking in respect for women: About half of women and men say that after Trump’s election, Trump has little respect for women in general and few say he has at all of respect for women. Among women, roughly half of Trump supporters say he has not at all of respect for women (50%), compared with a third who say he at least has not (35%). By contrast, among men, roughly a third (35%) say Trump has not at all of respect for women and 32% say he at least has no respect for women.
Clinton is viewed more positively than Trump. While men and women are about evenly divided on the question of how much Trump has respect for women, women are more likely than men to say that he has at least a great deal of respect for women (77% say this). Among Clinton supporters, more say that he has not at least much respect for women (76% say this).
Seven-in-ten Americans younger than 50 (64%) say the space station has been a good investment; a smaller majority of scientists and AAR members (68%) say the same. Scientists and AAR members are about even in view of the project among Hispanics; 54% of scientists, compared with 51% of AAR members, believe the space station has been a good investment to the country.
Receptiveness toward Russia is also associated with a favorable opinion toward right-wing populist parties. Germans, Italians and the Netherlands are all more likely to express this attitude, compared with the French, the British and the Swedish. Germans, Italians and the Netherlands back Alternative for Germany parties that favor a close relationship with Russia. Germans also back the UK Independence Party, while Italians and the Swedish Democrats back the National Front party.
Stay-at-home mothers, who spend more time at home, are less likely to go out to work, but spend more hours overall on work and less time on rest. Working stay-at-home mothers, who are primarily responsible for caring for their children younger than 18, spend less time overall on work and more time on rest.
A new Pew Research Center report examines young people’s spending patterns and the impact of technology on their lives. It finds that a generation that was already spending more time with screens and other devices is even more dependent on them during the summer. A new study by the Pew Research Center’s Internet & American Life Project finds that teens spend more time on screens in the summer than at any other time in their lives.
A look at the data shows that teens are spending more time with screens during the summer than at any other time in their lives. Teens spend 7 hours and 25 minutes daily on screens, up from 5 hours and 40 minutes in July 2015. Teens also spend more time with their phones, tablets and computers during the summer.
Overall, about eight-in-ten Americans say either economy (89%), health care (83%) or terrorism (75%) are very important to their voting record. And a similar share (57%) say domestic economic inequality is a very important issue, a figure that has remained relatively stable for a decade.
Another potential consequence of more women in Congress is that the public may not trust the government as it should. The public is more skeptical than positive when it comes to government transparency and effectiveness if there were more women in Congress. Majorities of both respondents who think more women should be in Congress and those who think more women should not be in Congress say if there were more women in Congress, they don’t expect the government to be more responsive to the public or to lead with greater clarity and civility.
The same pattern exists when it comes to government effectiveness. Again, majorities of those who support more women in Congress say there would be less effectiveness if there were more women in Congress. By contrast, those who do not support more women in Congress are more supportive of more women in Congress if they want the government to be more effective and more equitable.
A new analysis by the United Nations’ World Statistics Bureau suggests that the Middle East’s population growth has slowed since 2005, when the region’s population peaked at 111 million. The number of migrants living in the Middle East more than doubled since 2005, rising from 54 million to 111 million.
Throughout the Cold War era, Republicans were overwhelmingly concerned about Russia threatening U.S. interests. But in recent years, Democrats have become more concerned than Republicans about Russia’s power and influence. Currently, 53% of Democrats and 46% of Republicans say Russia’s power and influence are a major threat to the United States, up from just 32% who expressed this view in 2014.
Democrats overwhelmingly reject Russian President Vladimir Putin’s role in global affairs; 77% of Democrats say he does not play a major role in world affairs, compared with just 16% who say he plays a big role. Yet 53% of Republicans express the view that Putin does not play a major role in world affairs, while 41% say he plays a big role.
Seven-in-ten Millennials (76%) and 59% of Gen Xers (59%) say immigrants strengthen the country because of their hardiness, skill and talents; just 41% of seniors (ages 58 to 64) say the same. Today, about two-thirds of Boomer generations (63%) and seniors (66%) voice this view.
37% of the American public thinks undocumented immigrants account for more than 77% of American citizen births, and 53% say they are illegally entering the country through the southern border. (The survey followed a period of increased immigration enforcement.) Unsurprisingly, views of undocumented immigrants and crime are linked to knowledge about immigration laws and illegal immigration.
A 46% plurality of the public believes undocumented immigrants living in the U.S. are more likely than U.S. citizens to commit serious crimes. A somewhat smaller share (32%) says undocumented immigrants account for more than the U.S. citizens argument that more illegal immigrants live in the country.
In contrast, 60% of Republican leaners suppose that immigrants illegally entering the country account for more than American citizens committing serious crimes. Only 16% of the GOP thinks immigrant living in the U.S. is less likely than U.S. citizens to commit serious crimes.
Republicans lean right (86%) suppose undocumented immigrants account for more than 71% of U.S. citizen births. Independents lean to the right (82%). But independent views are split, 5% think undocumented immigrants account for more than 7
Recently, German attitudes about the military have shifted sharply in recent years, with many Germans expressing frustration that the country’s armed forces are being cut back. Germans ages 50 and older – many of whom have lived in Germany for more than 20 years – express overwhelming opposition to a new defense law that would reduce the size of the army. Americans age 50 and older are more likely than Germans to agree that military force is sometimes necessary to maintain order in the world (78% vs. 53%).
In addition to having a mixed record on a range of issues, Shinzo Abe faces opposition from the Japanese public. Roughly half of Japanese respondents have no confidence in Prime Minister Shinzo Abe’s handling of world affairs, and confidence is split and highly unpopular.
In a Pew Research Center survey in February 2019, Americans ages 18 and older were asked whether they knew at least one thing about religion: Who is Jewish? While six-in-ten Americans know the latter, roughly half of Jews do the same and only around four-in-ten Jews know “that less than 5% of Americans are Jewish,” according to the Pew Research Center survey.
A separate Pew Research Center survey conducted in 2018 found that while Jews knew more about religion than Americans in general, they were less likely than others to know they were Jewish. For example, Americans ages 18 and older were more likely than Jews to know that less than 5% of Americans are Jewish (69% vs. 50%). Similarly, Americans were more likely than Jews to know that more than 5% of Americans are Jewish (24% vs. 16%).
The Center’s analysis of the 2008 presidential campaign shows that the number of votes cast by blacks increased by 13.8 million, or 17%, from 2004. The increase in black votes is largely due to the fact that blacks turned out to vote in greater numbers than blacks turned out to vote in 2004. The Center estimates that blacks cast 9.7 million more votes in 2008 than in 2004.
The Center’s analysis of the 2004 election shows that the number of Hispanic votes cast increased by 9.7 million votes, or 15.9%, from 2004. The increase in Hispanic votes is largely due to the fact that Hispanics turned out to vote in greater numbers than Hispanics turned out to vote in 2004. The Center estimates that Hispanics cast 13.8 million more votes in 2008 than in 2004.
Adults as a whole are generally supportive of keeping schools closed, according to a new Pew Research Center survey of U.S. adults. About nine-in-ten Americans (93%) support schools being closed because of the coronavirus outbreak, while just 4% say schools should remain open.unisex, white adults are especially supportive of schools closing, with 97% in favor. Black adults are also more supportive, with 95% in favor. Hispanic adults are less supportive, with 87% opposed, including 44% who are in favor of schools closing.
The new analysis shows that the overall advantage Obama had over McCain in the cell and landline survey was largely driven by the difference in the final three days of the survey, when McCain’s lead narrowed to single digits. The final three days of the survey were the only period in which McCain’s advantage held steady at or above double digits.
American and European confidence in Trump is mixed, but confidence in Germany is particularly lacking. In the three European nations surveyed, trust in the U.S. president is highest in Germany. Roughly three-quarters (72%) braccio Europeans have confidence in Trump to do the right thing regarding world affairs ranging from 0-100 rating him. Pew Research Center asked Americans what confidence there is in Trump to do the right thing regarding world affairs and 55% say they have confidence in him.
In the United Kingdom, Germany and France, trust in Trump is more muted. Fewer than half in France and 42% in Germany express confidence in Trump to do the right thing in world affairs. In Britain, just 21% of the sample had confidence in Trump.
Americans’ use of social media has increased dramatically since 2010. In 2018, 59% of U.S. adults report they use at least one of the five social media sites studied in the Pew Research Center report. That means that roughly half of American adults are online and using social media sites.
The World Bank Group’s Global Applicability Index ranks countries based on their ability to use technology across a range of sectors, including health, education, finance, communications and other areas. The index ranks China highly among emerging and developing economies, placing it in the top 10 among all 11 countries surveyed in 2013 and 2014.
Overall, internet usage has increased in all countries surveyed – including China – since 2013, and the median usage rate in advanced economies has increased the most, at 87%. Emerging and developing economies’ median usage rates have also increased, but at slower rates, at 68%.
Among self-identified Hispanics, 73% say a person needs to speak Spanish to be identified as Hispanic, compared with only 28% who say a person needs to have a Spanish last name to be identified as Hispanic. By contrast, 54% of foreign-born Hispanics and 58% of second-generation Hispanics (both self-identified) say a person needs to be a second- or third-generation to be considered Hispanic. Meanwhile, the share among Hispanic immigrants that identify as Hispanic and as Hispanic-origin two or three generations older who speaks Spanish is relatively low compared with the share among U.S.-born Hispanics. While 78% of foreign-born Hispanics identify as Hispanic or two or three generations older, just 75% of Hispanic immigrants say they speak Spanish.
Among Hispanics, fewer foreign-born Americans say a person needs to speak Spanish to be identified than do self-identified Hispanics. However, despite the large differences in foreign-born and self-identified Hispanic self-reported levels of Spanish speaking, the share of Hispanics across generations who say a person needs to speak Spanish to be identified is still relatively small. According to the 2019 national survey of Hispanics ages 18
Overall, 57% of registered voters say they are very or somewhat confident that votes counted through absentee and mail-in ballots will be counted in ballots counted through absentee and mail-in voting the same as those counted through ballot counting through in-person absentee and mail-in voting. Trump and Biden are about equally likely to say they are confident in both ballot counting methods.
Men are more likely than women to have ever used a dating site or app. Among U.S. adults of any marital status, 52% of men have ever used a dating site or app, compared with 30% of women as of 2015. Among men who have ever used a dating site or app, a Pew Research Center survey found, a quarter (23%) say they are never been married.
About as many followed news about the oil leak very closely as did did following the 2008 election (55% at that point vs. 58% in November). In July, interest in the oil leak was on par with coverage. Three-in-ten followed breaking news about the oil leak very closely, and four-in-ten followed it up.
Overall, Americans are roughly evenly split on the question: If people who have tested positive for the coronavirus want to understand how the virus may be spreading and ensure they and others are complying with expert advice on limiting the spread of the coronavirus, 45% say it’s acceptable for the government to use people’s cellphones to track their location and other information about their coronavirus-related behavior. shenanutritionally opposite 23% say it’s not acceptable, while 19% say either who may have had contact with someone who tested positive for the coronavirus should be able to track their location or travel through the U.S. and Canada to ensure they and others are complying with expert advice on limiting the spread of the coronavirus.
A Pew Research Center survey conducted in May and February found that 72% of U.S. Catholics allowed priests to marry. This included 55% who said they allowed this practice and 27% said they disallowed it. While Catholics born in Mexico were more likely than Mexican Americans to disallow this option, Mexicans nonetheless were more likely than their American-born counterparts to say priests should be allowed to marry. Two-thirds (65%) of Mexicans allowed this option, compared with 48% of Americans who said this must be denied.
Overall, about four-in-ten (42%) followed news about the economy very closely and another 19% say that made a very closely following story. People gave more cursory interest to news about Congress and the 2012 elections. Only 15% followed the congressional elections very closely and 11% followed this story most closely. Another 6% followed the economy very closely and 3% say they followed this closely.
Two-in-ten got very close in following news about the federal government’s crackdown on “Don’t Ask, Don’t Tell” tactics at military installations. Just 5% followed this story very closely and 3% say they followed it most closely.
The U.S. is the only country with a majority view of people expressing favorable rating the Islamic Republic. However, that public is divided (45% favorable, 44% unfavorable) with the slightly lower percentage (36% favorable, 56% unfavorable) splitting along intersper party lines.
More than half of Americans (56%) say Trump has not done enough to distance himself from white nationalist groups. And on general questions about Trump’s handling of white nationalism, about half of Americans (54%) – including majorities of Republicans and Democrats – say he has not done enough to distance himself from these groups.
After President Obama and Congress passed health care legislation last week, the public became more closely divided on the issue of whether Medicare should be replaced by a program that would allow people to purchase private health insurance coverage through the Medicare program.
Overall, 49% oppose the proposal, while 35% support it. Majorities of both Democrats and independents and Republicans are opposed, though Republicans are more divided; majorities of independent adults and Democrats mark their opposition as more strongly shared.
Here are some key findings from the Pew Research Center’s recent study of U.S. adults:
The FBI’s crime statistics are not updated on a quarterly basis, but they are updated on a biennial basis, and they’re updated for every state. In the FBI’s most recent report, which was released in October, some notable findings:
Some 1.2 million people reported being victims of violent crimes in 2014, according to the FBI. Among those crimes, roughly 520,000 were reported as violent, meaning they involved physical force or were reported as sexual assaults. Among the violent crimes reported, 79.5% involved a motor vehicle, such as a car or truck.
The FBI reported that murders accounted for 1.1 million crimes in 2014, or 16% of all violent crimes. Among property crimes, 51.4% of all violent crimes and 51.4% of all property crimes involved property damage.
Republicans and Democrats differ in their assessments of President Obama. Currently, 80% of Republicans approve of the way his job is handling him while just 14% of Democrats approve. However, while Republicans remain far more likely than Democrats to approve of Obama’s job performance (85% vs. 2%), they are less likely to approve of him with regard to the way he conducts himself (76% vs. 87%).
About half (55%) of Millennials say they have ever taken a selfie, compared with 24% of Gen Xers and nine-in-ten of Silent Generation adults, weF@r. Today’s teens are more likely than their elders to say they have taken a selfie picture.
Similar major reluctances were evident regarding the election’s outcome. Roughly four-in-ten followed the election results very closely and two-in-ten said they followed this story closely. Resources for the economy remained the top story for Americans following the economic crisis.
Republicans’ views about national security spending have changed dramatically in recent years. During the Bush administration, Republicans were divided in their views of national security spending and were more supportive of reducing it. Currently, a large majority back increased spending on anti-terrorism and military defense (71% say this), and nine-in-ten favor increasing defense spending for developing countries (97%). Pew Research Center surveys of men and women have found that Republicans Dácl, compared with Democrats, are more likely to support increased spending on anti-terrorism and military defense.
British attitudes toward Brexit are sharply divided along partisan lines. While about half of adults in Britain say the UK by leaving the EU will be a good thing for the country, a similar share (43%) do not trust the national government. A similar pattern exists when it comes to opinions about the future of the European Union.
The Conservative Party supporters of LEAVE, which voted to leave the EU, overwhelmingly trust the EU (91%) and see Britain’s leaving as a good thing for the UK (99%). British liberals and moderate and liberal Democrats, on the other hand, do not trust the EU nor do they see Britain’s exit as a good thing. About half of liberals and moderate and liberal Democrats do not trust the EU (55%) and fewer than four-in-ten say Britain’s exit will be good for the UK (45%).
An 2012 Pew Research Center survey of Asians in the U.S. found that just over half (52%) of first-generation (RTI) Hispanics say it is very important to be able to speak their ancestral language. An even larger proportion (55%) of second-generation (SS) Hispanics consider it to be somewhat important.
Among first-generation Hispanics, 82% of Hispanic Americans born in the U.S. as children said it was very important for their future generations to be able to speak their ancestral language. An even larger proportion (68%) of Hispanic immigrants said this in 2012.
Nearly six-in-ten (58%) say Anthony is attending the trial in Florida. Some 35% say they have heard a lot about Anthony attending the trial, while 40% say they have heard just a little.
When it comes to possible cell phone cancer links, 29% say they have heard a lot about a link between cell phones and cancer; 52% say they have heard just a little.
Nearly half (43%) of Americans say they have heard a lot about the photo controversy over the House Ways and Means Committee. Seven-in-ten (71%) say they have heard just a little about the photo controversy.
Americans generally trust the Fox News Channel and Glenn Beck more than Al Jazeera English. Three-quarters or more Americans trust the Fox News Channel or Glenn Beck to get news about the world in the past week (73%) while 64% trust trust Al Jazeera English.
The survey, conducted between Aug. 15-21 as the nation was grappling with the economic fallout from the coronavirus outbreak, also found that similarly many people (57%) said it was essential that Americans have access to health care. Roughly as many (55%) said it was essential that people be given the chance to learn a trade or a skill. And while people were more likely to check a variety of responses than not answering this question, 49% held that wealthy people should be able to live on less income than average, compared with 42% who said it was essential that the wealthy live on less income than average.
Views on several other aspects of the American dream are also divided. Large majorities said it is essential that Americans have a home of their own and that all adults have a chance to retire comfortably. Fewer, however, said it is essential that the wealthy be able to retire comfortably. Roughly seven-in-ten (73%) said it is essential that all adults have an opportunity to learn a trade or a skill, but 52% checked this as essential. Fewer (43%) said it is essential that all adults own a home. Roughly four-in-ten (42
Support for NATO is particularly strong in Poland, the Netherlands, Germany, Canada and the U.S.
Seven of nine European countries surveyed by the Pew Research Center express favorable views of NATO. Twelve-in-teen Poles favor the organization’s existence (7%).
The Nordic countries stand out for their opposition to NATO. Just 1% of Norwegians oppose it, the lowest level of any country surveyed.
When it comes to the question of how the current financial crisis in their country is affecting the broader economy, advanced economies are divided. A 2010 Pew Research poll asked people how their family’s financial situation was affected by the economic crisis, and overall public opinion was divided.
Among the 28 countries surveyed, people in advanced economies were divided on the impact of the crisis on their family’s finances, with 44% saying the current economic crisis has had a worse impact on their family’s finances and 35% saying it has had a better impact.
Emerging and developing countries were more optimistic about the economic situation in their countries. Overall, 46% of people from emerging countries said their family’s financial situation has improved due to the economic crisis, compared with 34% who said their family’s situation has worsened.
Before the outbreak, Americans were already generally confident that hospitals could handle the medical needs of people who are seriously ill. Fully 73% in the recent survey said they were very or somewhat confident in hospitals and medical centers to handle the medical needs of people who are seriously ill during the coronavirus outbreak. However, after the outbreak began, 22% said they were too worried to offer such a rating. A similar share said they were too worried to offer such a rating to nursing homes in their area.
Current judges were overwhelmingly Democrats appointed by Barack Obama. Overall, 50% were Democrats when they were appointed while Obama was in office, 42% were Republicans and 8% were independents. Democratic appointees outnumbered Republican appointees Supreme Court justices by a 42%-50% margin. Appeals court judges were more divided, with Democratic appointees slightly more (49%) and Republican appointees (51%) a majority being Republicans. By contrast, Democratic appointees to district courts were more evenly divided, with 51% being Democrats and 49% being Republicans.
While Democrats appointed a majority of judges to the Supreme Court, Republicans controlled appointments to that body as well, with 41% of justices being Democrats and 56% being Republicans. Democrats appointed more justices to the appeals court (51%) and to district courts (49%), but Republicans appointed more to the Supreme Court (44%) and to the federal trade commission (49%). Republicans controlled more appointments to the Court of International Trade (42%) while Democrats held a slim lead to Democratic appointees to the federal district courts (51%-44%).
Fertility rates in Canada have been on the rise since the mid-1990s, but they’ve been falling again since 2009. The fertility rate, or the number of births per 1,000 women in a given year, has fallen to its lowest point in a decade, down from 2.1 in 2009 to 2.0 in 2011, according to data from Canada Statistics and Health Statistics.
Americans have grown less religious over the past decade, and now fewer than six-in-ten Americans say they believe in God with absolute certainty according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in 2014.
The share of Americans who say they believe in God with absolute certainty has declined from 92% in 2007 to 63% in 2014. The share of Americans who say they believe in God without absolute certainty has also declined, from 58% in 2007 to 44% in 2014.
About one-in-ten (15%) say they say most closely following the investigation of former IMF chief Alejandro Jeria. Men are more likely than women to closely follow this news (22% versus 14%), as are Asians (20% vs. 16%).
The disagreement over whether to extend the federal government shutdown or not remains deep along partisan lines. Republicans favor taking a hard stand and agreeing to no deal on a long-term extension of the federal government shutdown, while Democrats would prefer to negotiate a deal on a short-term extension of the shutdown.
The public is divided over whether it would be acceptable or not for Republicans to negotiate a compromise on the shutdown. Currently, 47% say Republicans should negotiate even if it means no agreement; 52% say they should stick to hard stands even if there is no agreement.
The partisan divide over whether it would be acceptable or not for Democrats to negotiate a short-term extension of the shutdown is wider. Roughly six-in-ten Obama Democrats (59%) say it would be unacceptable for Democrats to negotiate even if there is no agreement on a short-term extension of the shutdown; 33% say it would be acceptable.
The number of parties in Washington has decreased dramatically since the 1970s. In 1970, there were 19 parties in the Senate, including the Libertarian Party and the American Party (now known as the American Freedom Party). Today there are roughly 11 parties, including the Republican, Democratic, Libertarian and American Freedom Parties.
The AARP report also looked at the marital status of the breadwinner husband. Among those, he should have a wife in her mid-30s or later. (The report also looked at breadwinner wives in their early 20s, but not the data were available.)
Another survey conducted by Pew Research Center, this time of more than 1,000 police officers in the United States, shows that while black and white police officers generally express similar views on body cameras, black officers are more skeptical than white officers that don’t wear body cameras would make them act appropriately.
About half (50%) of all officers say that wearing body cameras would make officers “less likely to act appropriately when dealing with the public.” As many (44%) say it would make them “more likely to act appropriately.”
Black officers are more likely than whites (25% vs. 46%) to say that body cameras would make them act appropriately when dealing with the public. White officers are also more likely than black officers to say body cameras would make them “less likely to act appropriately.”
First, religiously conservative Americans have become more religiously conservative. In 1994, about a third of religiously conservative Protestants self-identified as Protestant Catholics, Anglicans or some other religiously mixed group. Today, a smaller share self-identify with this group (12%), along with 5% who identify as evangelical Protestants. Progressivism also has become more common among religiously conservative Protestants.
Americans also have become more liberal in their political values. Today, 53% of religiously conservative Protestants say a “big thing going on in the country” is being poor. Asked about the same topic in 1994, just 17% of conservative Protestants said this.
The Center’s 2008 Coming Out Project survey of 1,000 U.S. adults found that, on average, gay men (18 years old), lesbians (21 years old) and bisexuals (17 years old) were significantly more likely than their female counterparts (13% difference) to have told or told someone they might be lesbian, gay or bisexual.
Interest in the situation in Iraq and a British traveler with a rare brain disorder was nearly as high as in May 2006, when the group was in the news frequently. Currently, about three-in-ten Americans (25%) say they followed news about the condition of the Iraqish terrorist group known as the Taliban as deeply as any other news story. Some 23% say they followed the story very closely.
News about the Taliban was also popular with Americans last week, and were covered more than any other story. Interest in the group was even slightly higher than in May 2006 when the group was in the news frequently. Currently about nine-in-ten Americans (96%) say they followed news about the Taliban very closely.
Americans strongly support the use of military drones to protect U.S. interests from terrorism. Currently, 50% of Americans think the use of military drones has made the U.S. a safer place from terrorism, up from 37% in 2011. But about as many (49%) think the use of drones has made the U.S. less safe. Our survey asked Americans how much they felt about the use of drones to protect the U.S., and Americans generally believe the use of drones has been a net gain for the country. But the public is more skeptical about the war in Afghanistan: 43% say the same about making the U.S. a less safe place, while 21% say it has made the U.S. a safer place from terrorism.
The Good Way study found that overall public trust in the news media remains low, but there are some exceptions among different groups within the U.S.
This survey found that a majority of registered voters (59%) say the news media should present facts about covering events without interpretation. Among Clinton supporters, 50% say this, while 86% of Hillary Clinton supporter Donald Trump who had engaged with the Good Way study at least once.
The Good Way study found that Americans generally believe the news media should present facts without interpretation, but partisan differences are large. Among Americans who had engaged with the Good Way at least once, 40% of conservative Republicans said the news media should present facts without interpretation, compared with 15% of liberal Democrats.
Americans largely support tracing people’s locations through government software. Still, some Americans say location tracking would not be helpful. For instance, a Pew Research Center survey conducted in April found that a little over half (50%) of U.S. adults do not think location tracking would make a difference in helping the spread of the coronavirus.
Americans also have mixed views of government tracking people’s cell phone locations. Roughly six-in-ten Americans (60%) say that if the government were to track people’s cell phone locations, it would be a good thing, but 40% are not sure. While a majority of Americans say they would be more likely to use cell phone tracking if it helped them understand their coronavirus exposure risk, there are few differences in responses by demographic groups.
More adults favor tracking people’s cell phone locations than their GPS coordinates. Nearly six-in-ten (59%) Americans say the government tracking people’s cell phone location would make a difference, while 41% say the same about GPS coordinates. However, there are some differences in views by education and political party. Roughly one-in-three Americans with a college degree (35%) say GPS coordinates would make a difference
Meanwhile, supporters’ views of their eventual voting preferences for potential contenders in the 2016 Republican and Republican-backed candidates for president are generally more negative across the spectrum than support for them. About half or more say that any one of them would have a good chance, or some chance, of receiving conservative Republicans’ vote in November’s midterm elections. Roughly a third or more support conservative conservative votes for any one of them. But roughly one-quarter or fewer support any of the potential GOP candidates’ potential election campaigns in November.
Trust and confidence in institutions vary widely around the world. The more corrupt a nation is, the less it is trusted by the public. This is true for many countries, but the most corrupt nations are predominantly found in Africa and Latin America. For example, only 10% of Nigerians trust the government, compared with 7% of Egyptians. Similarly, only 10% of people in Senegal trust the government, compared with 5% in Egypt.
In addition, the public is less likely to trust political leaders in countries with high levels of corruption. For example, only 10% of Nigerians trust Nigeria’s political leaders, compared with 45% in Egypt. Similarly, only 5% of the Germans trust Germany’s political leaders, compared with 46% in Egypt.
The New York Times/Quisque Veritas survey finds that while Americans – again with two-thirds majority taking a positive view – continue to support the use of military force in response to the September 11th attacks, the American public remains divided on the question of whether all people should be willing to fight for their country, whatever the cause.
Overall, 56% of Americans say that everyone should be willing to fight for their country, whether it is right or wrong, while 42% oppose taking all people’s lives in the name of defending the United States – again with close to two-to-one Republican advantage.
Only 8% of Millennials ages 25 to 35 lived with their parents in 2016 – the lowest percentage among adults ages 18 to 34. Meanwhile, living at home has been the preference for more than a decade among Generation Xers (who were ages 35 to 49 in 2000), according to a Pew Research Center analysis of Census Bureau data. In 2016, 10% of Gen Xers ages 36 to 49 lived at home. Late Boomers (ages 50 to 56 in 2000) also lived at home for 11% of the time. But as of 2016, home living is the preference for 15% of Millennials’ ages 25 to 35. Meanwhile, in 1981, when the oldest members of the Silent generation were ages 50 to 56, 8% of Silers lived at home.
When asked whether they remember where they were at the time of major historical events, a 2011 survey found that 97% of Americans ages 8 or older recalled the September 11th attacks on New York and Washington:
Yet the 9/11 attacks are widely cited in the list of top historical events by Americans. Fully 95% say they remember where they were when 9/11 happened, and as many say they remember where they were when Osama bin Laden killed six people in Pakistan in November 2011. A similar share say the same about the assassination of John F. Kennedy in 1963 (94%), the first man to walk on the moon in 1969 (80%), and the Challenger shuttle explosion in 1986 (79%).
In 2013 and 2017, about 5 million Americans ages 16 and older were employed in U.S. newsrooms, which include radio stations, television stations, newspapers and other media outlets. That’s about the same number of workers as farm construction establishments employed 5 year old Donald Trump during his first campaign for president in 2016.
Among older Republicans, 47% say the federal government is not influenced much by evidence from public health experts on policies to control the coronavirus; younger Republicans are more influenced (62%).
Younger Republicans are more likely than older Republicans to believe the government is not influenced much by public health experts. Among older Republicans, 39% say the government is not influenced much by public health experts, compared with 38% who say it is influenced.
Blog readers tend to be younger and more urban; fewer than one-in-four rural residents read blogs. Bloggers themselves are more racially and ethnically diverse than the typical internet user. Young internet users are more likely than older users to read blogs about community issues. Roughly one-in-four young internet users read a blog dealing with community issues in the last year (13%). This compares with just 5% of internet users ages 18-29 and 10% of internet users ages 30-49.
The World Bank’s Abbéi Institute for Economic Research (IIREA) has developed a well-being index that combines a variety of indicators of subjective well-being to measure the overall well-being of a country’s people. The index ranges from 0 to 100, with 0 indicating the worst possible level of well-being and 100 indicating the best possible level of well-being.
The chart below shows the change in well-being index for countries around the world, based on the change in per capita gross domestic product growth from 2002 to 2007. The dots indicate the change in well-being index for each country, while the lines indicate per capita gross domestic product growth. Countries with higher per capita gross domestic product growth tend to have higher well-being scores.
The number of states where a candidate’s overall victory margin was less than two percentage points for either the winning or the losing party was 5 in 2020, down from 11 in 2016, according to a recent analysis by the Pew Research Center. (A state’s overall election margin is the difference between its statewide popular-vote victory and its statewide electoral-college victory.)
The number of Americans who listen to music online has increased dramatically in recent years, especially among young adults. In 2008, about one-in-five Americans ages 12 and older (20%) had ever listened to online radio. By 2012, this share had risen to 30% and by 2016 it had reached 42%.
Views of energy and the environment as top priorities have risen dramatically over the past year. Currently, 58% of the public rate the environment as a top priority, which is up from 49% shortly after the 2004 presidential election and three years ago when just 39% of Americans viewed the environment as a top priority.
Strong majorities of Lebanese say they are dissatisfied with the country’s government and the country’s political system. About nine-in-ten (92%) say they are dissatisfied with the government, while 68% say they are dissatisfied with the country’s political system. Lebanese also express strong dissatisfaction with politicians in politics. Lebanon’s political elites are overwhelmingly dissatisfied with all major political figures in office, including politicians, the prime minister and the president. Large majorities of Lebanese say they do not trust the government to do what is right for Lebanon (97%), are pessimistic about the future of Lebanon’s political system (96%) and are not satisfied with how democracy is working in their country (67%).
Lebanese also expresses strong doubts about political elites. Nearly nine-in-ten (86%) say they doubt the intentions of politicians, and 66% say they doubt the intentions of most Lebanese who are wealthy and powerful. These opinions are particularly prevalent among those under the age of 50, as well as among those with lower levels of education.
On this question, too, these differences run along ideological lines. Roughly six-in-ten Tea Party Republicans (67%) favor a “border first” model in which undocumented immigrants must first apply for legal status before they can seek employment.
Among 24% of those with extreme conservative views, 74% a an “ territo- ria first” approach to this issue, compared with 53% among those who are more moderate or liberal Republicans.
Americans of independent political affiliation are more divided along partisan lines on this question, but a majority (53%) support a “borders first” approach, while 23% prefer a “only after borders are controlled” approach.
Today, fewer than half of registered voters (48%) say they follow politics “most of the time,” while a comparable share (61%) say they track politics relatively closely. As a result, voters’ engagement with politics is becoming less frequent.
Compared with their overall activity in 2018, registered voters in 2020 are less likely to say they talk and track politics as often. Across five surveys conducted between September 2018 and July 2020, those with generally consistent partisan shifts in their voting patterns are more likely than others to report they track and talk politics less often. For example, 20% of voters who changed parties since September 2018 reported they track politics less often, compared with 15% of voters who changed parties since September 2019 and 14% of those who changed parties since September 2020.
Haciens also generally give Putin little credit for his handling of the world. Only 28% of the publics surveyed have a great deal or fair amount of confidence in Putin’s ability to handle world affairs. Even fewer (54%) give the Russian leader a good rating.
Households with children in 2011 still divided labor roughly evenly between moms and dads for paid work, although for moms it’s now a somewhat larger share of the work load than for dads in 1965. Moms now spend an average of 49 hours per week on paid work, up from 42 hours in 1965.
For dads, the pattern is the reverse: they spend an average of 21 hours per week on paid work, down from 24 hours in 1965.
The Pew Research/GPB poll also shows that Republicans are more likely than Democrats to grade the midterm candidates negatively. Currently, 75% of Republicans grade the GOP’s two running candidates favorably, compared with 24% of Democrats. The margin is even wider among moderate and liberal Republicans; 79% of moderate Republicans give the GOP a “good grade,” compared with 12% of moderate Republicans give the party a bad grade.
Only around a quarter of Americans (25%) say policies that address the effects of climate change on the environment generally help the environment or help the economy. Adults from both parties hold this view, with Democrats more likely than Republicans to do so.
When voluntevances aimed at reducing the effects of global climate change on the environment help the economy and those focused on reducing the effects of climate change on the economy help the environment, 57% from both sides say such policies tend to do either.
Overall, Americans are now about evenly divided over the question. Currently, 46% say “it is more important to control gun ownership and access to guns in this country,” while 46% “it is more important to protect the right of Americans to own guns.”
Yet the general public’s position on gun control has changed dramatically in the past decade. In 1993, nearly seven-in-ten (68%) supported gun control, while 29% favored more lenient gun laws.
About two-thirds of Americans (67%) say they are following news about the Benghazi attacks very (4%) or fairly closely (61%), while 32% say they are not following this news at all or not too (52%).
The number saying they are following news about the Benghazi attacks to a very or fairly closely are on the same general ground as in January 2012 when 61% were paying very or fairly close attention and 38% said they were not following this news at all.
Internet access is growing at a rapid rate among all racial and ethnic groups. In 2006, 72% of whites used the internet, up from 70% in 2005. By contrast, the percentage of blacks who used the internet increased from 64% in 2005 to 63% in 2008. Meanwhile, the percentage of Hispanics who used the internet increased from 54% in 2005 to 58% in 2008.
Half of the British now say they would vote to remain in the European Union, compared with 41% who would vote to leave. This is the first time that a majority of the British have expressed support for staying in the EU in more than a decade, following the UK’s vote to leave the European Union in June 2016.
Democrats with less education and education gaps with Republicans on abortion, on average, are more likely to split, or not, and to say they don’t agree with their party. Table 17 shows that 39% of Democrats who have completed high school or less agree with the Republican Party, while 42% of Republicans say the same about her. Among those with a four-year college degree or more, about a third (36%) agreed with the Republican Party and one quarter (25%) said she aligns with the Democratic Party.
Table 21 shows that among Democrats with a high school education or less and those with at least a four-year college degree, 16% and 18% of Republicans, respectively, say they neither agree with nor disagree with the GOP. Among Democrats with a college degree or more, just 12% and 14%, respectively, say they neither agree with nor disagree with the Democratic Party.
Immigrants from the largest Hispanic origin groups (Mexican, Cuban and Dominican) now account for smaller shares of the U.S. Hispanic population than they did in 2000. Since 2000, the immigrant share for Mexican immigrants dropped from 74% to 64%, the share for Cuban immigrants fell from 61% to 52%, and the share for Dominican immigrants fell from 55% to 50%. The share of immigrants from the Dominican Republic fell the most sharply, falling from 52% to 44%. Immigrants from the Dominican Republic were the least common Hispanic origin group in 2010 and 2013.
Another way to measure the impact of the changing nature of American families is to examine the share of children who live in a household headed by a parent who is not married to the parent who has primary legal responsibility for childbearing. This “cohabitation” category includes children who live with a parent who is married to someone else, but who do not share a home with that spouse.
In 1960, 50% of children under 18 were living in a household headed by a parent who was not married to the parent who had legal responsibility for childbearing. By 2014, 14% of children under 18 were living in a household headed by a parent who was not married to the parent who had legal responsibility for childbearing.
Many people who gave serious thought to their answers to the questions about the census said they thought the count would be neither accurate nor fair, according to a Pew Research Center survey of U.S. adults conducted in November.
A majority of those who gave serious thought to the questions about the census said they thought the 2020 count will be neither accurately nor fairly counting the number of people living in the United States. On a 75-to-29 vote, Americans kept the idea of a fairer and more accurate census program in suspension.
The public was much more enthusiastic about the 2020 census count itself. A similar split (68 to 29) prevailed in June, but fewer than half of adults (55%) were enthusiastic about the count, down from 65% who were enthusiastic in February and March.
In terms of the recent floods in the Midwest, 38% said the floods were the most closely followed story. In contrast, 16% listed the presidential campaign — which topped the list among the public last week, according to PEJ surveys — and just 19% named the gay marriage debate. Interest in the floods exceeded coverage by 20 percentage points each time the question was posed to the public.
Around seven-in-ten Americans supported the idea of allowing people to have their medical data deleted by professional organizations, according to a 2019 Pew Research Center survey. Yet these views did not always align along partisan lines. While a majority of Republicans and Republican-leaning independents favored allowing medical data to be deleted, only around one-in-five Democrats (18%) did the same.
For example, for many Americans, health care providers are a part of their lives, and they may have access to medical information about patients. Yet medical data can be shared with researchers, and researchers can use medical data to study patients’ health. Medical data can also be shared with government agencies, such as the National Library of Medicine, which maintains a database of medical information for more than 1 million people. Medical data can also be shared with social media companies, which may use medical data to track users’ health and activity. Medical data can also be shared with other professional organizations, such as the American Medical Association, which has a database of medical information for more than 1 million people. Medical data can also be shared with other organizations, such as the American Association for the Advancement of Science, which has a database of medical information for more
Republicans, especially those who oppose the war, have become more positive about Vietnam and its leaders, but support for the war itself remains low by historical standards. encomprompt=Ngrams (“war vietnam“)
The Senate will need to act on Obama’s nomination to replace Justice Scalia. Currently, the nomination is pending in the Senate and is expected to be heard and voted on by the Senate Leadership Transition Committee by the end of this month.
In a recent Pew Research Center survey, 56% of Americans say the Senate should hold hearings and vote on Obama’s nomination to replace Justice Scalia. Three-in-ten (30%) disagree.
Another question that has divided Americans since the September 11 attacks is how much progress has been made toward preventing an attack such as the one in Boston. A new Pew Research Center/jbl.com poll shows that the public is split over this question. Currently, 60% say the government has taken steps to make the country safer from terrorism since 9/11, while just 35% say the same about the government’s ability to prevent such an attack.
This chart shows the distribution of income and wealth across the American population, based on a widely accepted economic measure called the “ Theil index.” The index ranges from 0 (the poorest) to 1 (the wealthiest). The Theil index is a measure of inequality based on the distribution of wealth and income across the population, rather than on inequality within households.
As they look ahead to the presidential election this November, Americans are optimistic about the future of their country. But when it comes to the future of their own party as well, Republicans and Democrats are looking to the past.
As many as four-in-ten Republican and Republican-leaning registered voters (43%) expect their party to do better than in previous presidential elections. Only about a quarter (29%) of Democrats and Democratic leaners expect their party to be better than in the previous elections.
Taken with the previous survey, Americans generally feel more disadvantaged by the Bush administration than by Obama, but Americans continue to believe they are more disadvantaged by themselves than by the Bush administration. Currently, 49% of Americans say the Bush administration has more influence on them than the federal government, a 12 point decrease from 2007.
At the same time, 35% of Americans think Obama will have more influence on them than the federal government, a 10 point increase from 2007. At the same time, Democrats overwhelmingly believe they will have more influence than the federal government (89%), a 41 point increase from 2007. Majorities also believe they will have more influence than Bush in 2009 (55%).
There also are age differences. Majorities of black and Hispanic adults (68% and 72%, respectively) say they can be trusted to do the right thing in situations that require trust, compared with 58% of whites.
Our national survey of 3,200 U.S. adults found that love and marriage continue to be the most important reasons for getting married among the public. In a May 2013 Pew Research Center survey, 88% of Americans said “love” was a very important reason for getting married. In our 2010 survey, 81% said “love” was the most important reason.
Opinions about the effect of science are overwhelmingly negative among the public. Nearly nine-in-ten Americans (88%) say the contribution of science to health care is at least mostly negative. Even more (79%) say the contribution of science to food is mostly negative.
Public opinion on the effect of science is positive for the environment and for the water, energy and food supplies. Roughly three-in-ten Americans (31%) say the contribution of science to the quality of life of life for people is mostly positive.
Pythian and others found broad majorities of Americans shared the organization’s call for a “number of immigration policy goals” to help address the nation’s immigration problem. Half said one or all of eight goals were especially important in working out a policy response to the nation’s immigration problem, including:
Pythian and others found little political disunity on this question. Americans were roughly divided on the question of the importance of a number of immigration policy goals, including a “number of immigration policy goals” and a U.S.-Mexico border wall. The survey found 77% important to a majority (46%) that a number of immigration policy goals be important to working out a policy response to the nation’s immigration problem. Roughly as many (48%) said that a “large number of immigration policy goals” are important. pythian and others found that there was no significant partisan bias on this issue.
In a survey exploring public opinion about immigration released by the Pew Research Center in May 2015, shenanigans asked 3,777 adults 16 and older to describe immigrants “burdening the country by taking jobs, housing and health care,” or “strengthening the country through hard work and talents.”
The question was answered by more than half of Americans. Some 51% said immigrants burden the country by taking jobs, while 41% said immigrants strengthen the country through hard work and talents. Partisanship was split; roughly 30% of Republicans said immigrants burden the country, while another 32% said immigrants strengthen the country. Independents had a different view, saying immigrants burden the country by taking jobs (27%), while the rest of them described immigrants strengthening the country through hard work and talents (62%).
Two-thirds of Americans say they trust the information presented by national news organizations. But this trust is much lower among Americans who use social media. Only 5% of adults who go online using specific social media platforms express at least some trust in the information presented by national news organizations. Trust in social media-driven news rises somewhat to 17% among those who use social media primarily for social networking sites.
The Japanese public has a mixed outlook about the safety of foods produced in the area around the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant. Roughly seven-in-ten Japanese (76%) say foods produced near the plant are not safe from radioactive contamination, while just 19% say they are safe.202 Roughly seven-in-ten Japanese agree that drinking well water in the area is unsafe (76%); only 46% say the water is safe.
Netanyahu’s approach to the U.S. is generally popular among Israelis: Around six-in-ten Israelis (61%) approve of the way he is handling the U.S., while only 28 say she is not doing enough. Similarly, Israeli Prime Minister Abbas receives favorable ratings. Five years ago, when Hamas was still a relatively unknown entity, only 50% of Israelis approved of his policies toward the U.S., while 39% disapproved.
Israeli Arabs, however, are divided. While 46% approve of the way Netanyahu is handling the U.S., only 39% disapprove. On the Palestinian side, only 39% approve of the way Netanyahu is handling the U.S., while 46% disapprove.
For example, in 2017, around a quarter (22%) of all workers – including around a third (35%) of all U.S. workers who are immigrants – were unauthorized. This compares with 21% of all workers and 21% of all unauthorized workers, respectively, who are U.S. citizens. In addition, legal and unauthorized immigrants make up a similar share of occupations. For example, in 2017, around 13% of all workers in the farming occupation are unauthorized immigrants.
Indeed, confidence in the U.S. president has fallen to a record low in Indonesia – from 23% in 2007 to 28% today. And, since Trump’s election, confidence in the U.S. president has fallen by 12 percentage points, from 65% to 53%. That is the biggest drop in confidence in the U.S. since 2013.
Confidence in the U.S. president has remained low despite the fact that the U.S. and its allies have had a relatively successful campaign against the Islamic State and have helped to bring stability to many of its key theaters of conflict. And confidence in the U.S. president has also fallen despite the fact that the American economy has been growing at a 4% annual rate since 2015.
A similar share of Republicans (61%) said that using heated or aggressive language to talk about certain people or groups makes violence against those groups more likely; 91% of Democrats said the same.Non-Republicans also were roughly evenly divided, with 44% saying elected officials’ use of heated or aggressive language made violence against certain people or groups more likely.
The public was more divided on the impact of heated or aggressive language on the likelihood of violence against certain groups or people. About as many Republicans (56%) as Democrats (52%) said that officials’ heated or aggressive language made violence against certain people or groups more likely.
Republicans and Democrats overwhelmingly said that heated or aggressive language by politicians increases the likelihood of violence against certain groups or people. Fully eight-in-ten Republicans (81%) and Democrats (88%) said this; while about half of Republicans (55%) and Democrats (54%) said this among Democrats, the share of Republicans among Democrats was higher than among Republicans alone.
While the overall racial and ethnic composition of the U.S. prison population has increased over time, the share of blacks and Hispanics now stands at about 40%, down from roughly 50% in 2000. Whites now account for about 35% of the prison population, up from roughly 25% in 2000.
The racial and ethnic gap in the prison population has narrowed over time, particularly for Hispanics, who have shrunk from 45% of the prison population in 2007 to 35% in 2017. Hispanics now account for 339,500 prisoners, down from 352,900 in 2007. Whites now account for 457,900 prisoners, down from 572,800 in 2007.
In the Army, the Navy, the Air Force and the Coast Guard, Hispanics make up 18% of active-duty ranks, up from 12% in 2004. Blacks are now the largest racial group of active-duty military personnel; in 2015, they represent 17% of all U.S. military personnel, up from 9% in 2004, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of government data. Asians, meanwhile, account for 4% of active-duty military personnel, down from 7% in 2004. (The Department of Defense does not include the Coast Guard in its demographic counts.)
Adorables records were not limited to the economy. Public unhappiness with the current state of affairs also reached record highs. Fully 66% said they were dissatisfied with the way things are going in this country today, the highest percentage since 1993. Fewer than three-in-ten (28%) said they are satisfied, the lowest percentage since 2009.
As presidents and vice presidents act on behalf of the public, Republicans have more confidence than Democrats in these officials’ responsibilities in this respect. A 36% plurality of Republicans and lean Republicans say they have more confidence than Democrats (17%) in elected officials “to act in the best interests of the public.”
As might be expected, Republicans give more positive ratings to either retiring or currently serving Republican senators than Democratic leaners do to their elected counterparts. Among Republicans, 47% say they have more confidence in GOP senators than in Democratic counterparts.
While Republicans are more confident about their elected officials’ role in public interest-taking, Democrats generally take less positive action on behalf of the public. About one-in-five (17%) Democrats express confidence in elected officials to act in the best interests of the public. This is in keeping with recent Pew Research Center surveys showing that Democrats do not take positive action on behalf of the public.
On economy, Americans’ pessimism has declined since 2007, but frustrations with the economy have increased. In a 2007-2017 Pew Research Center survey, Americans were roughly twice as likely as were in 2013 and 2015 to see the economy in good shape. Currently, 58% say the economy is in bad shape, up 11 percentage points from spring 2015.
The Pew Research Center’s Internet Project has been tracking Americans’ use of the Internet for many years. In the Pew Research’s first Internet Project survey, conducted in March 1996, 11% of Americans reported going online to get campaign news. Since then, the percentage of Americans getting campaign news online has increased steadily, peaking at 22% in September 2000.
The Middle East and North Africa are home to some of the world’s most religiously polarized societies. In 2015, Pew Research Center’s Global Registrations on Religion project found that in the Middle East and North Africa, religious hostilities are on the rise.
Teen pregnancy rates in the U.S. have declined dramatically since the early 1990s, and they’ve stayed that way. In 2013, an estimated 10.6 teens gave birth per 1,000 teens last year, the lowest number in seven years, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention’s National Center for Health Statistics. That’s a dramatic drop from the record 98.5 births per 1,000 teens in 1993.
The J. Peter Devlin Center for the Irish for the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press surveyed 1,000 Catholics ages 18 and older in Northern Ireland from February 15 to 18, 2013. The survey was conducted in English and in English only.
Here are the patterns around disability: About one-in-four Americans (25%) say that their health problem, disability or handicap prevents them from being able to perform any of a list of 14 activities. Another 51% checked a box that says “I have serious difficulty walking or climbing stairs.”
The public is skeptical about Obama’s role in resolving the conflict. About half (52%) say Obama’s role in resolving the Israeli-Palestinian conflict should be smaller, while just 38% say it should be about the same.
While a 49% majority express the view that Obama’s role in resolving the conflict should stay about the same, 15% want it to increase. The 41% of Palestinians saying their role should stay the same could be a concern for President Obama, because he is currently focused on other international issues. While the Palestinians generally support the Middle East peace process, they also reject Israel’s policy of expanding its presence in the West Bank.
Overall, a clear 71% to 21% majority of Americans say that local election officials and state election officials did their jobs very well or somewhat well. In an early Pew Research Center/Xycon survey, conducted in November 2018, Americans said officials across the country did their jobs somewhat well or very well.
In terms of overall news coverage, a Pew Research Center survey conducted Jan. 18-24 found that Hurricane Haiti took up 38% of news coverage – more than twice the amount of coverage given by the economy (21%), Toyota (10%), same-sex military personnel (8%), and the Tea Party (3%).
Overall public interest in the economy and same-sex military personnel remained fairly stable since the start of the year, although the percentage saying the economy was the top story of the week has increased. About a third (35%) say the economy was the most closely followed story last week. The economy had been the top story four of the last seven weeks.
The study also shows that in countries with lower gross domestic product per capita, such as emerging and developing economies, fewer people believe belief in God is necessary to live a moral and good life. A negative correlation between overall income and belief in God exists in 10 of 14 countries examined. For example, roughly four-in-ten or more people in emerging and developing countries believe belief in God is not necessary to live a moral and good life. This is the case in the Philippines, Tunisia, Nigeria, India and Turkey.
Some 81% of British Muslims identify themselves first as a national citizen rather than a Muslim; 42% of French Muslims do the same. Elsewhere, majorities or pluralities of Germans (69%), Spanish adults (69%), and Spaniards (69%) identify themselves first as a Muslim.
The public’s impression of the Supreme Court has declined sharply in recent years. Only about a quarter (25%) now have a favorable opinion of the Supreme Court, down from 77% in 2012.
Since the Supreme Court first filled its new seats in 1955, overall favorability of the court has ranged between 77% and 25%. In Pew Research Center’s most recent survey, 48% have a favorable impression of the court, while 38% view the Supreme Court unfavorably.
The question was posed to Americans of all ages as part of the 2014 Social Security Administration’s Modern Aging America survey. The survey found that majorities across all generations say benefits should not be cut and that some future reductions need to be considered.
Somewhat fewer Americans said cuts should not be considered and 67% said that the long-term future of Social Security should be considered when making retirement planning decisions. On cuts, 51% said future cuts need to be considered, compared with 31% who said cuts should not be reduced.
The new survey finds that 51% of adults ages 18 to 29 followed news about midterm elections very closely, compared with 61% of those ages 60 and older. Younger people are also less likely than older adults to very often say they have followed news about midterm elections.
People in wealthier countries tend to get news online more frequently. This pattern is particularly pronounced in some countries, such as South Korea, Israel and the Netherlands.
Identity is tied to race and ethnicity. About half of white (49%) and Hispanic (51%) adults say “being white” is extremely important to how they think about themselves. Blacks, however, are more likely than other groups to say “being black” is extremely important. A little over half (52%) of blacks say this, compared with 22% of whites, according to a 2019 Pew Research Center survey.
An overwhelming majority of the Japanese public supports keeping the country a predominantly Japanese-language country. But while many Japanese have deep-rooted ties to Japan, many have moved abroad. Among Japanese immigrants who live in Japan, the same principles apply. The same survey finds that the same number of Japanese immigrants (54%) say “it is for (the Japanese) to decide whether to speak Japanese or to speak only or mostly English” while 42% agree “it is for foreigners to decide whether to live in Japan or to emigrate.” And Japanese immigrants are equally divided in their views on this issue: 50% say “it is very important for Japanese to speak Japanese,” while just 8% say “it is for Japanese to decide whether to have been born in Japan.” Among Japanese nationals, the same divide exists: 70% believe it is very important for Japanese to speak Japanese, while just 27% say the same about being born in Japan.
Public interest in the debt limit debate was high, as well, with 45% of Americans following news about the deal most closely. Food shortages in Somalia received similar attention, with 3% of Americans following this news most closely and 2% of Americans following agriculture news.
In January, as the campaign began, 35% viewed Obama favorably and 36% viewed Hillary Clinton unfavorably. Since then, Obama’s image has improved considerably, and his favorability ratings now measure about two-to-one (60% to 32%). Hillary Clinton’s image, however, has remained more negatively rated: 90% say they have a less favorable view of her, while just 5% say he has a more favorable one.
The public’s mood on the economy has changed dramatically in the first half of 2011. Public concern about the economy has increased ten percentage points since the momentum of good economic news began to accelerate last fall.
The Bureau of Justice Statistics has been tracking homicides since 1970, and it has been monitoring the share of homicides with three or more victims since 2005. During this time, the share of homicides with three or more victims has increased from 7.8% in 2005 to 9.7% in 2011.
However, Indians overwhelmingly want improved relations with the U.S. and a greater role for their country in world affairs. About six-in-ten (64%) Indians view the U.S. favorably and want improved relations between their countries. Similarly, confidence in President Obama is up slightly, while the share of Indians who do not express any confidence in the U.S. president or in political institutions is unchanged.
In general, women in the workforce are more likely than their male counterparts to say they would like to be a boss or top manager someday; still, when they are compared with their male counterparts they are not as likely to have a plan. About seven-in-ten women Holtzopers say they would like to be a boss or top manager someday (70%), compared with 61% of men Holtzopers.
But Canadians are divided on the pipeline’s impact on the environment. About half say that building the Keystone XL pipeline that would transport oil from Canada’s oil sands region to refneries in Texas would be good for oil production in the U.S.; 31% oppose this.
Overall, 57% have a favorable view of McCain, while 33% unfavorable. And while Republicans and Democrats tip-to-tip are equally likely to have favorable views (59%), Democrats are less likely than Republicans to view McCain unfavorably (76% unfavorable versus 67%).
Similar shares of social media users and those without social media use think it would be easy for sites to identify their race or ethnicity (84% vs. 76%), or hobbies and interests (79% vs. 72%). Roughly three-in-ten users and those who don’t use social media think it would be easy for sites to identify their political affiliation (71%) or religious beliefs (65%).
Several proposals have been made in recent years to change the way the federal health insurance program for the elderly and those with Medicare works. One proposal favored giving the health insurance program itself (Medicare) health insurance coverage, while another would have made the program a program that would give its members health insurance coverage in exchange for purchasing private health insurance. A third proposal would have made Medicare a program that would give its members health insurance coverage in exchange for purchasing private health insurance. Overall, the public is divided over these proposals, with more favoring change than change in no condition (28% vs. 22%), while less than a third support giving Medicare health insurance in exchange for purchasing private health insurance (25% vs. 36%).
Public interest in the British hostage situation remained high last week, with 21% saying they followed the story most closely. The national news media devoted 12% of its overall coverage to the story.
Germans are skeptical of China’s commitment to personal freedoms and the American commitment to civil liberties. Few Germans (35%) and Americans (46%) rate China’s commitment to personal freedoms as high as the U.S.’s commitment to civil liberties.
Majority of Americans have positive views of the Republican Party. Currently, 55% of Americans have a favorable view of the Republican Party, up from 43% who expressed this sentiment in March 2011. Republicans have a positive image in the eyes of the public because of their favorable rating by Republicans themselves. Currently, 49% express favorable opinion of the GOP.
As with many partisan divisions in the United States, the public’s overall impression of the GOP has narrowed sharply since 2011. Pew Research Center surveys have found that the GOP has lost public support in Tea Party districts. Currently, the GOP is viewed negatively by 49% of the public, compared with 45% who held this view in March 2011.
Tea Party districts have long been home to extreme conservative groups, but they have become more extreme in recent years. Currently, 41% of the public sees the Tea Party as extreme right, up from 34% who held this view in March 2011.
In 2012, we asked global publics how much of a problem it was for them that the growing number of older people was a major problem in their country. Kindness toward the elderly is considered a core value in many countries, but attitudes toward the size of the population of the elderly vary widely.
On a typical issue area, most Americans express at least some trust in a public official. But trust in a public official is greatest among Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents. About six-in-ten Democrats (59%) say they agree with their party’s positions on political issues most of the time or always, and just 6% say they tend to disagree. Parties in the American Heart Association fall in the middle when it comes to trust in public officials: Roughly two-in-ten (22%) say they tend to trust official positions, while 26% say they do not.
The Pew Internet & American Life Project reports that 19% of internet users have downloaded a podcast at some point in their lives, up from 7% in August 2006 and 1% in February 2007.
For example, in the Philippines, Hindus are the most common type of family in extended households (55% of all households), and buddhists are the most likely to live in these families. In Thailand, buddhists are tied for the top spot in extended households (39%), but they are less likely to live in these types of families than Hindus (57%). In Japan, Buddhists are the second most common type of family, but they live in extended families at a lower rate (44%) than Hindus (53%).
For the New York Times’s Journal, there is little divergence between the pamphitted stimulus plan and the draft plan on reducing the budget deficit. Pew’s poll finds that 52% of Americans say the federal government should not spend money to stimulate the economy coming out of recessions, even if it means larger budget deficits in the future. There is no significant difference between this view and the congressional draft on reducing the deficit.
There is less consensus about whether the government should spend money even if it means longer periods of recessions. The New York Times’s Wall Street Journal surveys find that 41% of Americans say the government should spend money to stimulate the economy even if it means longer periods of recessions. There is no significant difference between this view and the congressional draft of reducing the deficit.
Yet the number of Latinos identifying with the Democratic Party has increased dramatically since 1999, when the Pew Hispanic Center first began collecting data on this group. In 2008, 49% of Latinos have “partially or all of their family” roots in the Democratic Party, up from 28% in 1999. The number of Latinos identifying with the Republican Party has also increased, from 49% in 1999 to 65% in 2008.
An Pew Research Center survey conducted in August 2014 found that roughly a third of U.S. adults do look for GM food labeling when foods are purchased at supermarkets or other retail stores. About four-in-ten Americans (42%) say they look for GM food labeling when they buy food at stores. Fewer consider it important, however, or look at it as something that goes beyond reading the nutrition label on packaged goods. Roughly one-in-five Americans say they never or never look for GM food labeling when purchasing food at stores.
Young women in the U.S. are less likely than their male counterparts to have ever attended school in the first place. In 2018, 21% of women ages 18 to 24 were neither enrolled in school nor in the labor force, down from 27% in 1989. Among men under the age of 30, the share who did not attend school or work in the first place also fell, from 16% in 1989 to 14% in 2018.
Women in the U.S. are less likely than men to be in the labor force. In 2018, 13% of women ages 18 to 24 were in the labor force, compared with 13.7% of men. This difference has widened over time: in 1989, the gender gap was smaller, with 12% of women and 11% of men in the labor force.
Nearly two-in-ten Americans (23%) say they followed reports about the health care debate very closely. During this year’s presidential election, about one-in-five Americans (25%) say they tracked the presidential campaign very closely.
Fox News’s parent company, Fox Business Network, is the fourth-largest cable news channel by revenue. Its revenue is projected to reach $1.2 billion in 2016, according to a report by media consultant SHaughan Kagan. That would be up from $1.1 billion in 2015, but still well short of the $2 billion revenue Fox Business Network reported in 2014.
About a third of the public followed the death of Michael Jackson (29%) or the condition of the U.S. economy (20%), according to the survey by the Pew Research Center for the Self-Interest. According to a separate analysis by the Pew Research Center’s Project for Excellence in Journalism, 17% say they followed news about the death of Jackson very closely, and 11% say they followed economic news very closely.
There is wide disagreement on this issue among Republicans and Republican leaners. Republicans and Republican leaners are divided over whether making it harder to obtain guns would lead to fewer shootings or more. Half (50%) say a tougher standard would lead to more shootings, while 42% say fewer shootings would result. Republicans who lean Republican are more likely than Republicans to say making it harder would lead to fewer shootings (67% vs. 57%).
Democrats and Democratic leaners are more divided. While 31% of Democrats and Democratic leaners think making it harder would lead to fewer shootings, 57% believe doing so would lead to more shootings. Republicans and Republican leaners are more divided: 50% say fewer shootings would result from tougher gun laws, while 44% say more shootings would result.
Support for addressing harassment on online platforms is high, although there are some differences in responses between teens and adults. Roughly two-thirds of U.S. adults (62%) say that harassment of people online is a minor or major problem, and a narrow majority (59%) say online companies have a responsibility to take action when harassing behavior occurs on their platforms.
Some workers, however, took training beyond the workplace. Little fewer than a quarter of workers (24%) took a training course such as job-related reading, writing or math instruction. Some 13% said they took training to help get a new job with a different employer, while 7% said they took training because they were worried about having to downshift where they work. Fewer workers said they got training in the past year to help get a raise or promotion at work (14%). Fewer than two-in-ten (2%) said they took training because they were worried about having to downshift where they work. Fewer than 7% said they took training this year because they were worried about having to upshift.
But warmusions between Democrats ahead of the primary season suggest that the Democratic Party’s two leading candidates for president may not be the top choices of all Democrats.
Democratic voters who named Joe Biden as their first preference for the Democratic nomination and Joe Biden as their second choice for the nomination share a similar ideological profile to Hillary Clinton and Bernie Sanders. Roughly eight-in-ten of those in this profile named either Biden as their first choice (59%) or named Biden as their second choice (38%). Sanders, meanwhile, named Sanders as their first choice (57%) and named Biden as their second choice (39%).
Another key finding of the survey was that 81% of those dads who spend a lot of time with their kids are saying they are spending the right amount of time with their kids.
In March 39% of Americans said they favored restricting restrictions on public activity because of the outbreak in their area. While 24% said they were less likely to favor restricting restrictions, views were divided in between: 18% said opinions were “never really much in the way” and 38% said opinions were “more or less always.”
About four-in-ten (44%) said restrictions on public activity should remain the same as before the outbreak, while 24% said they were less likely to say this.
About three-in-ten Americans (33%) said restrictions on public activity were never in effect, while 29% said they were less likely to say this.
About nine-in-ten Americans (92%) said restrictions on public activity were in effect on April 29, while 13% said they thought these restrictions on public activity would remain effective.
The stock market has been recovering from the Great Recession, but the stock market is still down about 10% from its high point in March 2008. And the stock market is still far from where it was in 2000, when it reached a high in March of that year.
While most Tea Party Republicans support the movement, about a third (35%) support a candidate other than Romney or say there is no chance they will support Romney.
Romney received 40% of Tea Party registration-voters in the 2012 general election, compared with 20% for a candidate other than him. While most Tea Party Republicans support Romney, support for a candidate other than him is relatively high. Fully 55% support a candidate other than Romney among this group, while 18% say there is no chance they would support him.
A February survey by Pew Research Center asked Americans whether K-12 schools should be required to provide laptops or tablet computers to all students to help them complete schoolwork at home during the coronavirus outbreak. Roughly four-in-ten Americans (42%) say schools should do this, while 17% say schools should not be required to do this and three-in-ten are not able to afford laptops or tablet computers. Republicans are more likely than Democrats to think schools should provide laptops or tablets to all students: 54% of Republicans say this, compared with 44% of Democrats.
About half (57%) of adults who love books say they attend sporting events near their home, and 58% go to these events. But while 43% of Americans overall attend these types of activities, 45% of book lovers ages 65 and older do the same.
The survey also finds that 29% of online dating users feel not too safe, while 6% feel not at all safe. Comparatively, fewer than half (49%) of Americans more broadly say they do not feel unsafe about making connections through social media.
Women are more likely than men to feel unsafe when using online dating. Among all American adults, 20% of women feel not too safe or not at all safe, compared with just 4% of men. Among adults under the age of 50, a higher share of women (30%) than men (19%) feel not too or not at all safe. Among adults 50 and older, a similar share of women (36%) and men (32%) feel not too or not at all safe.
Changes in congregations have been driven in part by demographic changes. The share of congregations with at least one racial or ethnic minority group making up 50% of their congregants, up from just 14% in 1998. The proportion of congregations with at least one non-Hispanic white making up 100% of their congregants has grown from just 11% in 1998 to 14% today.
Overall interest in e-books and tablet computers has increased over the past decade, but computer ownership has stalled. A Pew Research Center survey conducted in partnership with Microsoft found in 2010 that only one-in-ten Americans (9%) owned an e-reader. This figure has risen to 37% by 2016, and tablet computers have nearly matched this increase, from just 10% to 35% over the same period. Overall ownership of desktop or laptop computers has remained flat over this time period, increasing from 12% to 15%.
The public shares these basic fiscal management principles with Congressmoms. Currently, five-in-nine (51%) approve of reducing federal benefits to higher income seniors, lowering Social Security benefits for higher income seniors, reducing military defense spending, and reducing the tax deduction for mortgage interest. About as many approve of raising the tax on investment income (47%), limiting deductions for taxpayer can claim (45%), raising the tax on income over $250,000 (43%), and reducing Medicare taxes for the 5% of Americans who pay into it (41%).
The population is becoming more racially and ethnically diverse. The proportion of blacks and Hispanics has increased dramatically since 1996, while the share of whites has declined. The proportion of blacks has increased from 9.8% in 1996 to 9.9% in 2008. The proportion of Hispanics has increased from 8.5% in 1996 to 8.2% in 2008. The share of Asians has remained relatively constant since 1996, at 2.5%. (Figure 1)
A 2018 survey conducted by the Pew Research Center’s nationally representative American Trends Panel found broad agreement across partisan lines that people who disagree with others tend to have a more common opinion of others than they expected: 63% of Americans say this happens; just 31% say it doesn’t.
Republicans, on the other hand, are more likely than Democrats to say they find that talking to those with differing views leads to a more common set of opinions. Today, 63% of Republicans, compared with just 31% of Democrats, say that talking to those with differing views leads to a more in common set of opinions. There is no partisan gap on this question among Democrats who do not agree.
A slightly more nuanced version of the question finds that Republicans and Democrats do not share this sentiment entirely. While 63% of Republicans say they find that talking to those with differing views leads to a more in common set of opinions, just 33% of Democrats say the same.
Partisan differences are particularly sharp on this question among conservative Republicans. While 63% of conservative Republicans say they talk to those with different views, just 33% of moderates say this happens
Majority of the public approves of Obama’s approach to race relations and the threat of terrorism.
Overall, 52% approve of Obama’s handling of the economy, and 43% approve of how he is dealing with the nation’s struggling economy.
A majority also approves of how Obama is handling the immigration issue (53%) and foreign policy (53%).
More than half (56%) approve of Iran.
An international Pew Research Center survey conducted in 44 countries this year found that a median of 60% of people in those nations consider having a good education very important for getting ahead in life. Only 17% placed such importance on being a male and 5% on giving bribes.
Men (62%) give more than women (52%), and Hispanics (67%) are more likely than majorities in any age group to hold the U.S. in a positive light; just 22% of Mexicans hold the American government in a favorable light.
Overall, about seven-in-ten Lithuanians identify as Catholics or identify with some other Catholic denomination (e.g., according to a survey conducted by Pew Research Center in collaboration with the Alfred and William Kellogg Center for European Studies). Only a small minority of Lithuanians identify as Orthodox Christians (14%), Muslim Christians (1%) or say they say unspecified racial or ethnic origin (1%).
The differences between conservatives and liberals are stark. Pew Research Center’s Political Polarization in the United States survey shows that 53% of Americans who identify as conservatives or conservative leaners say most people live in a place where most of their friends share their political views in some degree. Just 28% of those who identify as moderate or liberal express the opposite view: Just 25% of moderate Republicans and 22% of liberals say most people live in a place where most of their friends share their views.
However, Germans express mixed views when asked which is more important – to have strong ties with the U.S. or strong ties with Russia. About half (57%) point toward close ties with the U.S., while 15% say strong ties with Russia is more important.
The public has a positive view of the future of American democracy. Roughly equal proportions of Democrats and Republicans (58%) say they are watching events on this subject very closely.
For instance, Americans are largely supportive of using cell phones in public transportation (75% consider it OK). Roughly a third (38%) of Americans believe that it is OK for cell phone use at restaurants. But support is somewhat more limited (62%), while roughly a quarter are opposed (12%). Women are more likely than men to think it is OK to use cell phones in restaurants; 88% of women have this opinion, compared with just 58% of men. Roughly two-in-five Americans (54%) believe that cell phones are generally OK for during a meeting. But 5% call them generally OK. Americans are more divided over whether it is generally OK to use cell phones at the movie theater or other places where others are usually quiet. Roughly three-in-five Americans (65%) think it is generally OK to use cell phones in places like that; just 4% are opposed. Americans are more likely than others to think it is generally OK to use cell phones at the church or worship service; 96% of Americans, compared with just 4% who are opposed.
Radio is the top source of news about government and politics for consistent liberals, and television is the preferred source for consistent conservatives. About half of consistent liberals (51%) name local radio as their main source of news, while 44% name local television. And among consistent conservatives 56% name fan news as their main source of government and politics news.
Public interest in alternative energy research has also declined. The same year (2006) that natural gas was first drilled in hydraulic fracturing wells, Americans first learned about the practice through news reports about the environmental impacts of oil drilling. Public concern about environmental damage from oil drilling declined as public awareness of hydraulic fracturing grew.
Republicans have become less supportive of stricter fuel efficiency and vehicle emissions standards in recent years. In 2006, Democrats were more likely than independents or Republicans to say stricter fuel efficiency and vehicle emissions standards would have a negative impact on the environment. In 2013, the opposite was true: Democrats are now more likely than independents or Republicans to say stricter fuel efficiency and vehicle emissions standards would have a positive impact on the environment.
Americans have grown less confident in Chinese President Xi Jinping since 2014. Seven-in-ten now say they or someone they know has confidence in Xi to do the right thing relative to other world leaders, from China or not. Public confidence in Xi is up 8 percentage points, from 6 percent in 2014.
Indian adults overwhelmingly support foreign companies building new manufacturing plants in India. Majorities support the idea of foreign companies buying Indian companies and consider them a good thing for the country.
Indians overwhelmingly favor foreign companies building new plants in India. About nine-in-ten Indians say the action is good for their country, compared with about a quarter who oppose it. Indians express more mixed views when it comes to foreign companies buying Indian companies. While 47% say it is good, 43% say it is bad.
While personal financial confidence is up somewhat, it is still fairly low. About seven-in-ten adults (72%) gave themselves at least “good” personal finances in a January survey by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press; that compares with 68% saying this in September 2005. Non-trough-the-eyes confidence is still relatively low, however. Fewer than half (47%) surveyed at those questionsites in January rated their own financial affairs as excellent or good; 37% rated them as “about excellent” and just 20% said them as “about good.”
About three-in-ten women (36%) say they prefer women co-workers. Fewer men say the same (8% of men, 10% of women). Women are also more likely than men to say they prefer women over men (17% vs. 8%).
In addition to sharing political content, the bot accounts also share links to political satire and humor. Twitter research by Pew Research Center has shown that bots are increasingly sharing links to satire and humor on Twitter. The bot accounts shared more satire and humor than human accounts.
The Asian population is growing rapidly, and it is becoming a major component of the overall population. In 1966, the Asian population represented 1.5% of the total population. By 2006, it represented 11.5% of the population.
Another way of looking at the data is by looking at the number of crimes reported to police. Violent victimizations made up 80% of all violent crimes reported in 2019. Those violent victimizations accounted for 45.5% of all reported crimes. Property victimizations accounted for 17.2% of all reported crimes, and property crimes accounted for 45.2% of all crimes.
Pew Research Center surveys conducted around the world between 2010 and 2017 asked people in each country whether there were “parts of neighboring countries that are culturally and politically very similar to ours.” Respondents were allowed to mark more than one answer.
Majorities in most EU countries believe that parts of their country are like neighboring countries. Canadians, however, are the only country in the 10 EU and three non-EU countries with a majority that disagrees; 49% say there are no parts of neighboring countries that are culturally and politically very similar to Canada.
Americans are in this group as well, with 73% agreeing that parts of their country are like neighboring countries and 22% disagreeing.
Hungarians and Bulgarians are the only Europeans surveyed who disagree. Roughly six-in-ten in Hungary (67%) and Bulgaria (65%) say there are parts of their country that are like neighboring countries, while 18% in Hungary and 20% in Bulgaria disapprove.
Birth control is a controversial issue in many countries. Pew Research surveys have found that opinions on the issue vary widely. In 2012, Pew Research’s Global Attitudes Project found that Americans were divided on the issue (46% morally acceptable, 47% morally unacceptable). Globally, fewer than half (45%) of Americans considered it morally acceptable for men to use contraception. In 2012, Americans were also divided on the issue (47% morally acceptable, 47% morally unacceptable).
Across 24 nations surveyed, Americans were more likely than Europeans to see the use of contraceptives as morally acceptable (40%) rather than unacceptable (59%). Europeans were more likely than Americans to see the use of contraceptives as morally acceptable (40%) rather than unacceptable (59%).
Democratic and independent partisms appear similar in their views of dealing with global warming. Currently, about six-in-ten Democrats (65%) and independents (54%) say this is a top priority; about half as many Republicans (15%) say it is.
Global economic sentiment is generally grim. In 14 Pew Research Center surveys around the world, more than six-in-ten adults in every country say the economy in their country will worsen in the next 12 months.
Canada and the U.S. top the list of economic expectations, with about eight-in-ten saying their economy will improve by concorso. Globally, a median of 62 tempiopivers say their economy will improve, compared with 48 who say the economy will worsen.
Few countries expect economic conditions to remain the same, however. Among the 14 countries surveyed, Australia and South Korea are the only nations in which unease is equally widespread. China is the only country surveyed where a median of about half suspiriente expects economic conditions to improve and 54 expect pessimismo.
Here are some key findings from our study of teens’ social media habits:
Overall, teens use a wide range of social media platforms, but Facebook and Instagram are the most commonly used. Roughly three-quarters of teens use Facebook, and 82% use Instagram. Significantly more teens use Snapchat (41%) and Twitter (33%) than use Google+, Vime or Tumblr. Teens are also more likely than their parents to use any of these sites. Teens with parents who use certain sites are more likely to use them themselves, and parents who use Facebook and Instagram are more likely to use these sites with teens.
A survey conducted in the UK ahead of the June referendum found that the British public was skeptical of the EU’s future. The survey found that 65% of British adults said “some powers should be returned to national governments,” while only 25% favored “division of powers remains the same.”
Air pollution is the most important international issue for Indians to focus on. A majority of Indians (52%) are very worried about air pollution, and this is the issue that is cited by Indians as the most important on a global stage. The next most important international issue for Indians is climate change, which is cited by 73% as very concerned.
Global economic instability and global environmental instability are also top concerns. Fully 74% of Indians are very concerned about the economy, and 49% cite global economic instability as the most important issue on the international stage. And while only 45% are very concerned about cyberattacks, this is the second most important issue on the international stage.
In the spring of 2017, Pew Research Center conducted a survey in Poland, Spain, France, the UK, Germany, Sweden, Italy, Hungary, Canada, Russia and Greece – with equal numbers of respondents receiving each of the three questions. (For more details on the survey and the question wording, see “Why Pew Research Center.”)
Mexicans sugared their approval of the Mexican government’s efforts to combat drug trafficking in a 2009 Pew Research survey. Carrying out the mission was the top endorsement of force, receiving the support of 85% of Mexicans. Opposition was widespread, with 13% in favor. The Democratic Party received negligible support: Just 3% of Mexicans favored using the army to combat drug traffickers, compared with 64% who opposed this. Independents were split at 46% in favor, while 44% opposed. Construction workers were overwhelmingly in favor of the army’s efforts to combat drug traffickers (95%); only 2% opposed the plan.
Both major parties sense that their major policy issues rank high on voters’ list of concerns. The Democratic Party rates the economy (88%) and education (78%) as very important, while the GOP rated the economy (86%) and the importance of education (76%). Both parties also receive strong ratings for health care (78%) and health insurance (75%). According to a Pew Research survey in 2008, about seven-in-ten Americans rated the issue of taxes as “very important” to their vote, while 68% rated the issue of terrorism as “very important.”
To understand the role of individual users in Twitter’s broader ecosystem, we asked a sample of U.S. adults whether they consider themselves a leader, follower or curator on the platform. The survey was conducted Nov. 21-Dec. 2, 2018, among a nationally representative sample of 2,004 U.S. adults ages 18 and older on land, cell and internet connected devices. The sample is nationally representative and is produced in accordance with the Pew Research Center’s SIAPng “Sizing Up Twitter Users” methodology. Respondents were asked whether they viewed Twitter as a leader, follower or curator on the platform. Respondents were asked these questions in English and Spanish. Respondents were asked these questions on a seven-choice multiple-choice question. Respondents were allowed to answer any question they wished. Respondents were allowed to answer questions in any way they wished. Respondents were allowed to answer questions in English or Spanish. Respondents were allowed to answer questions in any way they wished. Respondents were allowed to answer questions in English or Spanish. Respondents were allowed to answer questions in any way they wished. Respondents were allowed to answer questions in English or Spanish. Respondents were allowed to answer questions in any way they wished
Americans are skeptical about the U.S. taking into account foreign problems when making decisions about their own country.
Currently, 52% disagree, while 77% agree that the U.S. should take into account foreign problems when making decisions about its own national problems.
The current Pew Research Center poll was conducted April 9-16 among 1,504 adults. The margin of error for the general public is plus or minus 2.8 points.
Majorities of Americans — and Americans of every racial and ethnic background — see colleges not considering race or ethnicity as a major factor in admissions decisions. Pew Research Center’s 2019 survey of U.S. adults in the summer of 2019 asked a simple question: How much do you agree or disagree with, “college admissions should not consider race or ethnicity as a factor in college decisions.” In contrast, the conversation about racial and ethnic identity in American society is more divisive. For example, while a vast majority of Americans agree that Black Americans have faced discrimination due to skin color, few agree that Black Americans have “become less successful” than other Americans due to skin color.
Majorities of white, black, Hispanic and Asian Americans say colleges should not consider race or ethnicity as a factor in college decisions. In fact, there are some differences by race and ethnicity on this issue. While Asian Americans, whites and blacks are more likely than Hispanics to say race should not be a factor, Hispanics are more likely than Hispanics to say race is a major factor.
The expectation that Trump’s election will lead to worse racial relations is a key element of Trump’s political strategy. Trump’s election victory in November 2016 was a watershed moment in American politics, and his promise of a “great wall” between blacks and whites in America was a centerpiece of his campaign.
In December 2016, before Trump’s election, 60% of Americans said that Trump’s election had led to worse race relations in the U.S., compared with 36% who said it had led to better relations and 25% who said it had not made a difference.
Pew Research Center surveys conducted throughout Obama’s presidency show that the public’s view of the impact of presidents on race relations has varied little over his eight-year tenure. In November 2008, during Obama’s first campaign year, 36% said his election had led to better relations and 43% said it had led to worse relations.
Americans receive mixed reviews in Western countries. The United States receives favorable ratings from Canadians, who have a favorable view of the U.S. by a margin of 85% to 14%, while a 54% majority have an unfavorable view. Attitudes in other Western countries vary considerably, however. Italians receive a favorable rating for the U.S. (29%), while around a quarter (23%) have an unfavorable view. Most Western Europeans, however, see the U.S. unfavorably. Swedes (32%), Hungarians (32%), and French (33%) see the U.S. unfavorably.
Americans receive favorable ratings in Europe. Canadians (59%), Chinese (50%), and Poles (44%) feel well toward the U.S. Meanwhile, Germans (37%), Greeks (57%), Indians (52%) and Japanese (11%) do not favor the U.S. Most Germans (42%) do not consider the U.S. to be a major world power.
The Fortune 500 board of directors is generally composed of white men, but the Fortune 500 has also had a growing number of women on its boards. In 2015, 20% of the Fortune 500 board members were women. This was up from 15% in 2010.
Moreover, Americans increasingly doubt the U.S. is playing the leading role it once played. Just 20% say the United States is more important and powerful as a world leader than it was 10 years ago. Nearly as many (33%) think it is less important and powerful, up from 45% in 2005.
Republicans have long opposed the ACA, and current survey findings echo previous surveys over the past decade. In a survey conducted Oct. 2016, just before the Supreme Court upheld the health care law, 82% of Democrats and 11%industan approved of the ACA, while seven% of Republicans approved and 99% of Democrats disagreed.
In the five surveys in a row covering the period since Pew Research Center resumed taking surveys in November 2014, partisan differences have grown wider about the way Americans view the causes of rich and poor. Currently, 56% of Americans say a person is rich because they worked harder than most other people, while 47% say a person is poor because they worked harder than most. Independents currently are more divided (52%/38%) in belief2 about why some people are rich than about why some people are poor.
A pluralistic group favors Ford as average; 54% say Ford will go down in history as “54%сля average.” About four-in-ten also say Ford will be an average (20%), while 14% say he will be poor (14%). Ford also gets decidedly negative ratings among Republicans; majorities in both parties (63% among Republicans, 55% among Democrats) favor Ford as “outstanding” or “above average.”
Ford enjoys strong partisan∓suppression support. Just 21%новь say history will judge Reagan favorably; 29% say he will be remembered favorably after his death. History will judge Reagan negatively in just 11%.Support for Reagan is about double what it is for George H.W. Bush, 25% among Republicans, 31% among Democrats; 28% among the public. History will remember George W. Bush favorably in just 25% among Republicans, while 37% among Democrats and 47% of the public say he will be remembered favorably. History will remember Jimmy Carter as an average president; just 34% among Republicans and 34% among Democrats say he will be
As recently as December, Republicans couldn’t mention Santorum in the five most common news stories measured by the depicarated. Today, 19% say they most often heard Romney; just 13% say they heard Santorum. Romney also registers strong attentions, asked which of five candidates they had heard the most about, 52% name Romney and 28% name Santorum.
An 2016 Pew Research Center survey of 4,504 Indian adults, a majority of whom describe themselves as Hindu, finds that Indians hold a range of positive views about the country and its people. But despite the country’s long-standing democratic tradition, Indians also generally hold negative views about the state’s political system and the role of its elected officials in promoting the well-being of the average Indian.
Indians generally see democracy as a positive thing. Roughly six-in-ten respondents (64%) say democracy works well in India, while 25% say it is not well described. Roughly six-in-ten Indians (61%) say most corrupt public officials do what they are supposed to do; only 43% say that corrupt officials care about what ordinary people think. Roughly six-in-ten Indians (62%) believe that most people have a good chance to improve their standard of living; roughly four-in-ten (39%) say that everyone has an equal opportunity to get ahead.
As the Spanish-language encyclopedia project Encarta was being shut down, the English-language project was growing rapidly.
Americans see too little federal action on climate change and a back-range set of policies that can reduce its effects, according to a new Pew Research Center survey conducted earlier this month.
Another source of frustration for officers is the media’s coverage of their jobs. Fully 65% of officers strongly agree that the media treat police unfairly; 42% strongly agree that their job nearly always makes them feel frustrated. About a third of officers (31%) say they are angry at the media’s coverage of their jobs.
Vaata ka: Financial regulation and college grads
Overall, 49% say that financial regulations have not gone too far; 42% say the government has gone too far in regulating financial institutions.
Among younger people and those with less education, fewer see the financial regulations as having gone too far. Roughly half of Americans ages 18 to 29 (52%) and those with fewer than a bachelor’s degree (52%) say the government has not gone too far regulating financial institutions.
The nation’s foreign-born population surpassed 51 million unauthorized immigrants in 2011, marking the first time the unauthorized population has outnumbered the nation’s foreign-born population, according to a new Pew Research Center analysis of government data. The unauthorized immigrant population has increased steadily since 2000, but has stalled at 40 million since 2007.
The unauthorized immigrant population has grown more rapidly than the overall foreign-born population. While the number of immigrants from other countries has increased at a slower rate over the same period, the number of unauthorized immigrants has increased at a faster rate. In 2011, the unauthorized immigrant population surpassed the foreign-born population for the first time, and has remained there ever since.
Hundreds of thousands of Americans have been killed in the Iraq war since the U.S. formally launched a military campaign against Iraq in March 2003. Nonetheless within the ranks of Americans there has been consistently low support for the war itself among the general public. In Pew Research Center surveys conducted since the war began in March 2003 Americans have consistently responded more favorably to the idea of “we should all be willing to fight for our country right now,” than to the idea of a more “even distribution of power,” particularly among those ages 18 to 29. Supporters of the war are also more inclined to say that the U.S. should do whatever it takes to defend its interests in Iraq.
Among Democratic voters, just 26% do not express enthusiasm about more than half of the field as their first choice; a majority (73%) feel several candidates are exciting.
Democrats ages 18 to 29, however, are more enthusiastic about their first choice: 58% say they are excited about their choice of Joe Biden as their candidate for president. By comparison, 48% of those ages 65 and older say so.
Among liberal Democrats, 52% say they are excited about several candidates as their first choice. By comparison, 28% of moderate and conservative Democrats say the same.
Gallup’s annual survey of finances finds a steady increase in the percentage of Americans investing in the stock market. The 2013 trend survey showed 52% saying they had money invested in the stock market, up from 50% when the survey began in 2000.
In Europe, English is by far the most common second language studied among students. Roughly all European students studied English, according to a 2017 Pew Research Center survey. French, German, Spanish and Russian were the other common second languages studied. The Spanish-speaking countries of France, Germany and Spain had the most common second languages spoken by students — English, French and German.
English is studied by a majority of American students, as well. Roughly one-quarter of American students studied English, French, German and Russian in 2017. Only 14% of American students studied Spanish. English is the most studied second language in the U.S.
As the unauthorized immigrant population has grown, the median length of residence for new arrivals has increased. The median (or average) duration of residence for new arrivals has risen from about five years in 1996 to about 12.7 years in 2013.
Democrats hold a twenty-point edge over Republicans among students who identify as Millennials. Seven-in-ten millennials currently identify as Democrats or lean toward the Democratic Party, while 46% are Republicans or lean Republicans. (See details technical methods.)
Democrats hold a 25-point advantage among young whites. Seven-in-ten young Democrats or leaning young Democrats (and 47%) lead Republicans.
The public continues to say that they expect the economy to improve over the coming year. Currently, 55% say the stock market will improve, while 39% say the economy will worsen.
China’s economy is still relatively small compared with the U.S. Many people in the U.S. still believe that the U.S. is the world’s leading economy. Two-thirds (65%) of Americans say China is a major economic power, but just 33% think China is the world’s leading economy.
Chinese people themselves differ from Americans on this question. While 71% of Americans say China is a major economic power, just 21% of Chinese say the same.
About 27% say they followed the Tea Party closely, while 9% say this of news about political parties. Resources devoted to the Tea Party – such as printing pads and pamphlets – are not enough to even match the attention to the Tea Party expressed by just 16% of the public.
Only around one-in-ten (17%) say the same about news Obama is abroad; one-in-four (26%) say they are following this very closely. News about Obama while he was abroad accounted for 6% of coverage.
Republican voters in Canada have long been more conservative than their Canadian Democratic counterparts. In the new poll, 17 aboriginal Canadians agree most or strongly agree that their party “lays out a clear and consistent set of principles and positions.” Only 13% of Canadian Democrats agree.
For example,rcvbias toward shows or movies about hospitals and medical settings in science fields. Fully 64% of the overall public says science shows and movies that are not adaptations of science fiction create a favorable image for science fields.
But Hispanics are aging more slowly than blacks and whites and they’re younger than non-Hispanic whites for the first time since 1980. By comparison, blacks have always outnumbered Hispanics and whites, but the size differential has narrowed over time. In 1980, Hispanics outnumbered blacks, and Hispanics were 11 years older on a typical day, compared with blacks, who were 21 years older. Today, Hispanics are 26 years older on a typical day than blacks.
The racial and ethnic makeup of Hawaii is highly diverse. The island’s population is about two-thirds white, but it is also home to more than 17% of the state’s residents who are Hispanic. The population also has a significant minority of Asian origin (6%), followed by about a quarter of blacks (12%) and about a third of Americans (18%). In addition, Hawaii has a small but growing population of Native Americans (6%), and a growing population of American Indians and Alaska Natives (1).
The island also has a relatively high share of people who identify as Native Hawaiian. The Native Hawaiian population is about two-thirds of the island’s Native population (64%), and they are the only Native Hawaiian subgroup included in the ACS’ racial and ethnic profile.
With the U.S. considering arming thousands of Syrian civilians to fight terrorists, acceptance of the use of drones in combat is relatively low in countries surrounding the battleground in the Middle East, but opposition is widespread.
Perceptions of the extent to which the country’s environment is in danger have increased in recent years, and majorities have opposed increased use of nuclear power (52%) and increased use of cell phones (59%).
Americans born from other countries generally report higher levels of discrimination than those who were born in the U.S. Many Hispanics report higher levels of discrimination than Hispanics who were born in the U.S.
Americans born from other countries tend to report higher levels of discrimination than Hispanics who were born in the U.S., especially among Hispanics under age 50. For example, 62% of U.S.-born Hispanics ages 18 to 29 reported being the target of racially or ecologically pejorative remarks or behaviors in a recent survey, compared with 50% of Hispanics ages 30 to 49.
A gender-neutral term is one that doesn’t explicitly mention Hispanic or Latino. Hispanic or Latino is a gender neutral term that includes people of any Hispanic or Latino origin including gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender or Hispanic or Latino Americans who do not identify with a specific gender. It is also a gender neutral term that includes people of any Hispanic or Latino origin including gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender and transgender Americans who do not identify with a specific gender. Hispanic or Latino is a gender neutral term that includes people of any Hispanic or Latino origin including gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender and Hispanic Americans who do not identify with a specific gender. It is also a gender neutral term that includes people of any Hispanic or Latino origin including gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender and Hispanic Americans who do not identify with a specific gender. Hispanic or Latino is a gender neutral term that includes people of any Hispanic or Latino origin including gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender and Hispanic Americans who do not identify with a specific gender. It is also a gender neutral term that includes people of any Hispanic or Latino origin including gay, lesbian, bisexual, transgender and Hispanic Americans who do not identify with a specific gender. Hispanic or Latino is a gender neutral term that includes people of any Hispanic
In a recent Pew Research Center survey, Republicans and independents leaning Republican express strong support for building the pipeline. Around six-in-ten Republicans currently favor building the pipeline (62%), up from 52% who said the same in 2014. Support has risen significantly since opposition among Republicans fell from 70% to 54% in the Center’s survey in 2014.
Support for the pipeline has also increased among Democrats. Currently, 73% of Democrats and Democratic leaners favor building the pipeline; up from 59% who said this in 2014.
In surveys since the onset of the coronavirus outbreak, conservatives have grown more concerned about how restrictions and closures could not be lifted quickly enough. Before the outbreak, conservative Republicans were roughly evenly split on the question, with a greater share saying they were worried about restrictions not being lifted quickly enough (60%) than saying it was lifted too quickly (46%).
Congressional candidates’ campaign spending, as well as the midterm elections themselves, have attracted the attention of the public. In a recent Pew Research Center survey, we found that 35% followed campaign news very closely since the question was posed.
In a 2011 Pew Research Center survey, 50% of Americans said it was more important to control gun ownership and 46% said it was more important to protect the right of Americans to own guns. These measures largely correspond with those in the early 2000s.
The survey on STEM education also finds that half of the adult public (52%) believes that the main reason many young people don’t pursue STEM degrees is that the subjects are too difficult. While this is less than the portion who say STEM subjects are not useful for their careers (33% very difficult), it is more than who say the subjects are not useful but too boring (23%).
From earlier this year, when Obama led McCain by 10 points in the Senate election, the public had more confidence in the new president to handle foreign affairs compared with McCain’s standing (59% vs. 51%). On confidence in the economic management of the country, more have had very or somewhat closely skimmed milk (59%) than have reluctantly skimmed the milk (36%). And more have expressed confidence in Obama (59%) than in McCain (48%).
According to United Nations data, a record 21% of Americans are under age 65, compared with 19% in 2012. The share of the population younger than 15 has increased from 8% in 2012 to 13% today.
Germans share this survey question with Americans. The Pew Research Center survey in Germany asked Germans which countries they consider to be their top two foreign policy partners. Americans and Germans generally agree. Germans, however, are more likely than Germans to say the United States is their top foreign policy partner. Germans also are more likely than Americans to name France as the country they trust most to do the right thing on foreign policy issues.
Among Republicans, income divides like most other divisions on views of government help for the poor, middle class and wealthy are wide and divergent on how much the federal government should provide to each of these groups. Republicans with incomes between $75,001 and $100,000 a year overwhelmingly (86%) say the federal government is not doing enough, while Republicans with incomes of $100,000 or more have a more mixed view of government assistance.
A new Pew Research Center survey of Americans shows that Americans ages 18 to 49 are better able than older adults to correctly identify factual statements that appeal to the left and right. Roughly nine-in-ten (91%) young adults are able to correctly identify that democracy is the greatest form of government and that the United States has three branches of government. Younger adults are also better able than their older counterparts to correctly identify that the federal budget deficit is a major problem facing the U.S. and that President Barack Obama was born in the United States. Nearly nine-in-ten younger adults correctly identify that the U.S. has the highest per capita per person income of any developed country.
Other stories garnering close attention include rising gas prices and the U.S. economy. Overall, 30% followed news about gas prices very closely and 43% named it their top story last week.
The presidential campaign remains the public’s top story. Two-in-three (68%) followed news about the campaign very closely and 16% listed the campaign as their most closely followed story. Interest in the campaign has remained largely stable over the past two weeks.
Two-in-ten (26%) followed news about the situation in Iraq very closely and 7% listed this as their story last week.
The public was much less interested in the hostage situation in a Vienna restaurant – just 4% followed the story very closely and 12% listed it as their top story.
Four-in-ten (41%) paid very close attention to news about the hostage situation in a restaurant in Vienna, Austria. The hostage situation was the top story last week for 12%.
Parties’ identification peaked in December 2015 (78% each) and declined in the early months of 2017. But after rising again, Democrats and Republicans stayed solidly identified with their parties. In March 2017, 97% of Democrats and 95% of Republicans said they identified with their party.
In a survey of U.S. veterans conducted May 14-June 2, 2019, before the airstrikes began, 64% of veterans said the war in Iraq was “not worth fighting” – including 41% who said it was “not worth it at all.”
Among all Americans, 62% say the costs to the United States have been benefits to the United States.
The share of voters who say the war was not worth fighting among veterans is higher than it was among all Americans, according to a survey conducted May 14-June 2, 2019. In a survey conducted May 14-June 2, 2015, after the first airstrikes began, 42% of voters said the war was not worth it, while 36% said it was.
In addition to the Virginia Tech shooting, the public also followed the situation in Iraq. Last week, 18% followed this story very closely and 22% followed it closely. The general public had been paying relatively close attention to the war in Iraq since the Pentagon attack in August 2006. Last week, 13% of Americans followed the war very closely and 43% followed it as very closely.
Chris Christie won the 2010 gubernatorial election in New Jersey by defeating his Democratic opponent, Jon Corzine. Democrats had been in office since 1978, when William Byrne defeated Republican William Bennett.
The Democrats’ gains in the 2010 election were largely due to Hispanic voters, who supported Barack Obama over Christie by a narrow margin. Obama won 58% of Hispanic votes compared with Christie’s 50%.
The median income of all U.S. households increased by 6.5% between 2007 and 2013, but the gains were especially large for Hispanic households. The median Hispanic household income rose to $45,148 in 2013, up from $43,516 in 2007. During the Great Recession, Hispanic households had lost an estimated $3,000 a year in income.
The CDC’s recent report on childhood depression found that the prevalence of major depressive episodes among children and adolescents has increased, but not as rapidly as it has among adults. The CDC’s report found that 13.8% of children and adolescents ages 12 to 17 reported major depressive episodes in the past year, up from 9.0% in 2009. The CDC’s report also found that 5.1% of children and adolescents ages 12 to 17 reported major depressive episodes with severe unhappiness in the past year, up from 2.9% in 2009.
However, a plurality of Americans (43%) believe states are still holding primaries. Around a quarter (24%) say they are not sure states are still holding primaries. Very few at this time are able to identify either positive or negative with the way states are handling the primaries or the general election.
A somewhat larger share of Republicans (55%) than Democrats (40%) say states are still holding primaries. There is no partisan gap on whether U.S. states are holding primaries or not.
Still, Democrats tend to believe that good diplomacy is essential to peace. Currently, 63% of Democrats consider good diplomacy to be essential to ensuring peace, similar to the views of 58% of independents and 49% of Republicans.
Roughly six-in-ten black (63%) parents say it is essential for their children to be faith minded. For white parents, the answer is 59%. Roughly two-thirds (67%) of black parents say it is important to teach their children to be independent, while half (51%) of white parents say the same. Majorities of black parents (majority led by white parents) say it is essential to teach their children to be obedient. Similar shares of black (57%) and white (61%) parents say it is important to teach their children tolerance. Roughly half (53%) say the same about empathy for others. Nearly half (49%) say the same about being responsible.
Additional surveys have found that a majority of Americans favor legalizing marijuana. Roughly seven-in-ten Americans (75%) support legalizing the use of marijuana, while 2%4% disagree. Similarly, 59% favor stop-and-search searches for people who look like crime suspects, and 53% oppose stop-and-search for people who look like drug suspects. In addition, a narrow majority favors homosexuality, although majorities disapprove of homosexuality being accepted by society and say homosexuality should be discouraged.
The Pew Research Center for the People & the Press has been tracking voters’ opinions about the federal government each month, and the recent survey shows Bush’s job approval rating among independent voters continuing to rise. As of November 2009, independent approval stands at 33%, while Yugos, gabrielas, and Hispanics have the lowest ratings of any groups studied.
Public opinion of the United States was very positive in Jordan before the 2000 invasion of Iraq. In the wake of the war, favorable views plummeted sharply, from 83% to 21% in just one year. Over the next two years favorable opinions plummeted again, to 29% in 2002 and 17% in 2003. In 2004 favorable opinions of the U.S. climbed slightly, but they remained very low, at 37% in India and 41% in Pakistan.
Favorable opinions of the U.S. were highest in Canada, where 59% of Canadians responded favorably to Washington. Attitudes in Poland and Great Britain were also very positive, with 55% of Poles and 55% of Britons expressing favorable views.
As news about job conditions has improved, so too has the public’s impression of the news about prices. Currently, 88% of the public now hears at least mostly bad news about the price of gasoline; a similar majority reports hearing at least mostly bad news about prices for food and consumer goods.
Republicans are far more likely than Democrats to express support for U.S. involvement in Iraq and Syria. About six-in-ten Republicans (66%) support Biarritz-style cooperation between the U.S. and its allies in the region. By contrast, just 28% of Democrats express this view. Republicans are also more likely than Democrats to think that U.S. troops should remain in Iraq and Syria. Some 28% of Americans say the U.S. should not send troops, while 47% say troops should stay.
As the country prepares to celebrate its 100th anniversary of naturalization, Pew Research Center analyzed the immigration profiles of naturalized U.S. citizens. Naturalization is a naturalization is a naturalization, no matter where you were born. Thus, immigrants from different countries are born in different countries, and thus have different backgrounds.
Naturalized immigrants are people who have naturalized in the U.S. (as opposed to immigrants who have naturalized in another country and moved to the U.S. to become U.S. citizens). Naturalized U.S. citizens are a tiny fraction of the nation’s total immigrant population, but they are a big part of the nation’s economic strength. Naturalized citizens make up 11% of the foreign-born population, but they account for 40% of the nation’s workforce.
Naturalized immigrants are born in different countries, but they have settled in the U.S. and have naturalized here. Naturalized immigrants are born in a country outside the U.S., but they have settled in the U.S. and have naturalized here. Naturalized immigrants are born in the U.S. and have naturalized here. Natural
The public says it has heard much less recently about the Iran nuclear agreement. When the public was first learning about the agreement, success in negotiating the deal was a top storyline. But Americans say they have heard much less about it recently: 36% say they have heard a lot or a little about it, while 32% say there has been no or a little interest. The public also says they know a lot about the agreement: 20% say they have heard a lot of interest, while 36% say they have heard very little.
Around half of Americans (54%) say the space station has been a good investment, while 29% say it has been a bad investment. Men are more likely than women to see the space station as a good investment; 67% of men, 50% of women say the station has been good financially.
This trend is likely to continue for at least the first half of the 21st century. Census Bureau data show that the average number of people per household has declined since 1970, when the country was still recovering from the Great Recession. Between 1970 and 1980, U.S. households averaged 8.9 people, but by 1980 that number had fallen to 8.5.
Voluntary church contribution Most Europeans favor a religiously neutral government. And a median of 65% are opposed to government policies about religion, values and society. Yet support for voluntary church contribution and religious neutrality is more pronounced among some Europeans than it is in others.
In assessments of Congress’ efforts on this front, Americans see more laughs than goodwill. About six-in-ten (59%) say that in its first 100 days, the Republican-led Congress kept its promise of more than what was expected. Just 18% say the Democratic-led Congress kept its promise.
Views of Congress’ performance on this issue are shaped by partisan affiliation. Republicans and Republican-leaning independents, by contrast, are more likely than Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents to say Congress has kept its promise of more than what was expected.
Hispanic students are more likely than other students to attend public rather than private schools. In 2014, 48% of Hispanic college students attended public two-year schools, compared with 36% of black, 32% of Asian and 30% of white students. This is largely due to the fact that Hispanic students are more likely than other racial and ethnic groups to enroll in four-year schools.
In a separate analysis of the data, we examined the relative importance of different demographic characteristics as predictors of participation in the 2004 campaign. We focused on the most important characteristics in the analysis of the 2002 campaign, and then compared their relative importance for 2004. The chart to the right shows the relative importance of each characteristic in the 2002 analysis. The vertical bars represent the relative importance of each characteristic in the 2002 analysis. The horizontal bars represent the absolute probability of definitely participating in the 2002 campaign for each demographic characteristic. The highest absolute probability of definitely participating in the 2002 campaign was 40%, for a 50-year-old man with a college degree. The lowest absolute probability of definitely participating in the 2002 campaign was 15%, for a 40-year-old man with a high school education.
In assessments of Congress’ efforts on this front, Americans see more laughs than goodwill. About six-in-ten (59%) say that in its first 100 days, the Republican-led Congress kept its promise of more than what was expected. Just 18% say the Democratic-led Congress kept its promise.
Views of Congress’ performance on this issue are shaped by partisan affiliation. Republicans and Republican-leaning independents, by contrast, are more likely than Democrats and Democratic-leaning independents to say Congress has kept its promise of more than what was expected.
Support for Trump was greatest among congregants who attend religious services weekly; 15% of supported Trump, compared with just 9% of unsupported congregants. Evangelical Episcopalians were particularly supportive of Trump, with 57% saying they attended religious services weekly and 36% saying they did so low-ISupport.
The same survey also finds a similar split on uncertainty about the portrayal of women in games. When asked whether the “qualities just mentioned in relation to men and women in society in general, true for most games and for all games alike, or for some games but not all, or for no games at all?” only 14% of Americans say the qualities just mentioned in relation to women are true for most games imprainted by women, to the same degree as say the qualities just mentioned in relation to men are true for some games, but not all (27% and 18%, respectively); three-quarters (70%) feel the qualities just mentioned in relation to men and women are untrue.
The public has no change in perceptions of the health care law. The public is 45%-48% opposed to the law, compared with 53%-45% approving it.
Majorities favor same-sex marriage in the U.S. for the first time since Pew Research Center for the People & the Press began polling on this issue in 2007, and majorities in both parties favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally, Pew Research Center surveys, have found.
Pakistanis’ expectations about the future vary by age. Young people (18-29) are more upbeat about the country’s prospects than oldersians (ages 30-49). Fully 90% of young Pakistanis say that the Pakistani government is making progress in fighting extremism, about as many as Asians overall say the same. About half (56%) say that losing ground on this issue is the same as it has been in the past.
Support for increasing federal spending for rebuilding U.S. bridges, roads and highways is up, though support for keeping federal spending about the same is down:
Support for increasing federal spending toward these major infrastructure projects has been growing in both parties since 2010 and 2011. Currently, 64% of Democrats and 57% of Republicans and Democrats say that or somewhat highly regard federal spending for rebuilding bridges, roads and highways.
Support for keeping federal spending in these projects about the same also has declined since 2010 and 2011, with 38% of Republicans and 71% of Democrats saying they would like to increase federal spending for rebuilding these major projects.
As Donald Trump succeeds in winning reelection, a new Pew Research Center survey finds Americans think the incoming president will gain influence over all groups, but especially so among whites, men and older adults.
Majorities of the public say Trump will gain influence to some extent from left to right: 64% of Americans expect Trump to gain influence from today because of his election, with 35% saying he will gain more influence over the course of his presidency. Another 31% anticipate he will gain more influence over the course of his presidency today while 27% say he will gain influence over Trump tomorrow.
The Pew Research Center’s Project for Excellence in Journalism (PEJ) has been tracking the internet usage of American adults since 1996. PEJ found that in 2000, 5% of Americans were getting campaign news online. By the fall of 2002, PEJ found that 10% of Americans were getting campaign news online.
Republicans and Democrats have roughly similar views when it comes to the police. For their part, made up publics most frequently rate Republicans strong as protectors (17%), not too (14%), a lot (6%) or weak (1%). According to a Pew Research Center survey in August and September of 2016, 17% of Republicans saw them as strong protectors, 16% strong enforcers and 67% enforcers or protectors. Similarly, 53% of independents say made up publics are strong enforcers or protectors, 14% see them as weak enforcers or protectors, and 33% rate them as strong enforcers or protectors. Democrats, however, overwhelmingly see police as enforcers (77%) or protectors (85%), rather than strong enforcers (12%).
Using a different measure, those who describe their masculinity as more feminine (rather than masculine) are less likely to mention their own sexuality. For example, Black men, especially those with a bachelor’s degree, Middle Eastern or African American backgrounds and Republicans are less likely than other men to mention their sexuality in describing their masculinity.
Republicans, along with non-Democrats, also,, are about twice as likely as other partisan groups to say their masculinity is somewhat (72%) or very (31%) not too (54%) or at all (15%) not too (b)stantial.
President Obama’s announcement that he would seek a long-term truce with insurgents in Afghanistan was the leading news interest last week, accounting for 20% of the newshole analyzed by the Pew Research Center’s Project for Excellence in Journalism (PEJ). The war in Afghanistan accounted for 12% of the newshole, down from 22% one week earlier.
The economic crisis was the next most covered story, with 20% of Americans following news about the economy closely. Roughly four-in-ten (42%) also followed news about the NBA finals, which accounted for 3% of the newshole.
Americans followed the debate over raising the federal debt limit more closely than others; 7% followed this news very closely and an additional 6% said it was somewhat closely followed. News about the debt limit was the most covered story last week, followed by the NBA finals and the economy.
As the U.S. economy has improved since Obama took office, the image of American strength and economic health has improved as well. The public’s confidence in the job situation has also improved. Currently, 84% say 58 jobs are difficult or impossible to find in this country, compared with just 1% saying there are not enough jobs. Americans are also quite confident in the nation’s economy, with 56% saying it is in poor shape and just 10% saying it is in good shape.
The chart below shows the number of newly enrolled foreign students in associate, bachelor’s, master’s and doctoral degree programs at U.S. colleges and universities during the 2016-17 academic year. The top five countries of origin are China, India, South Korea, Saudi Arabia and Canada.
This chart is based on data from the U.S. Department of Education’s National Student Loan Data Center. The data are for the 2016-17 academic year, which begins in the fall and ends in the summer. The chart does not include students enrolled in online colleges and universities.
As has been the case since 2007, Americans’ views of German philosopher Immanuel Kant are less positive among Republicans and Republican leaners than among other partisans. In an October 2012 survey conducted by Pew Research Center, 36% said they had a unfavorable impression of Kant, while 43% said they had a favorable impression.
Hispanics do not approve of the immigration enforcement actions tested in this survey. Majorities disapproved of workplace raids (76%), employee database checks (53%), and criminal prosecution of employers (70%). Smaller majoities approved of these enforcement actions: 20% of Hispanics approve of workplace raids, 53% approve of employee database checks, and 21% approve of the criminal prosecution of employers.
Despite the fact that Donald Trump is currently leading the Republican Party’s presumptive nominee, the GOP, his party’s chances in the general election are still quite uncertain. Nonetheless, Donald Trump has attracted a lot of attention in the U.S. and abroad. And when the Pew Research Center recently asked whether Donald Trump was a big problem, people around the world said they thought so. Nearly two-thirds of Americans say Trump is a problem for the country. Similarly, majorities in Africa, Europe, Latin America, Asia and the Middle East say Trump is a problem. When asked if Trump is a big problem, the median percentage answering “big problem” is 83% in Africa, 60% in Europe, 60% in Latin America, 82% in Asia and 78% in the Middle East.
Another Pew Research Center analysis on educational attainment found that Hindus have the highest average years of schooling of any major religious group in the United States. According to the 2010 survey, Hindus ages 25 and older average 15.7 years of formal schooling, compared with 14.7 years for Jews, 13.6 years for Muslims and 13.4 years for Buddhists.
While many Americans complain about Russian interference in the U.S. election, relatively few view the job Donald Trump has done on the issue favorably. Fewer than four-in-ten in any one-question survey in the summer of 2016 said they were very confident Robert Mueller could conduct a fair investigation into Russian involvement in the 2016 election. Roughly three-in-ten (30%) said they were not too or too very confident. But by the fall, more Americans said Mueller could conduct a fair investigation (55%) than pessimistically judged him (37%).
Currently, 45% of Republicans and Republican leaners are very or somewhat confident that Mueller could conduct a fair investigation into Russian involvement. As recently as December, fewer than half (47%) said this. Currently, 35% of Democrats and Democratic leaners are confident that Mueller could conduct a fair investigation. In December, 41% were.
Democrats are more likely than Republicans to view the job Mueller has done on the investigation favorably. Roughly one-quarter of Democrats and Democratic leaners say they are very or too confident that Mueller can conduct a fair investigation into Russian involvement in the 2016 election
Today, 70% of Millennial women say they would like to someday be a boss or top manager, compared with 58% of Gen X women and 41% of women in the Boomer and older generations. Men nevertheless also are more likely than women to say they would like to someday be a boss or top manager (82% vs. 70%).
Senator Obama’s continuing presidential campaign attracted strong attention last week, and the public closely followed the campaign news as well. Roughly four-in-ten Americans (40%) followed campaign news very closely, up from 32% in the fall joblessness survey. Notably, 36% say the campaign was their biggest story. The campaign accounted for the top story reported by 29%. Public interest in the economy remained high last week.
The survey asks about the role of science in society and finds that people generally believe science has a mostly positive effect on society. About seven-in-ten adults (73%) say science has a mostly positive or equal effect on society, while just 23 say it has a mostly negative effect. People also generally believe science is keeping the public in the dark about climate change, the Center’s Science Experts have found.
The Gallup Organization has been conducting surveys since 1974, and its data have long been cited by researchers. In recent years, however, Gallup’s surveys have been criticized for being less reliable than newer polling organizations. Gallup’s approval ratings have also been compared to those of Pew Research Center.
Overall, Americans are more likely than the public in the past to say a number of space-related tasks should be a top priority or lower priority. For example, Americans were similarly likely to say monitoring key parts of the Earth’s atmosphere (63%) and monitoring astronauts/astronauts that they and their children could see (62%) should be a top priority.
Frivolous details: Fewer than two-in-ten Europeans (22%) andUkrainians (21%) say it is a bad day, compared with roughly three-in-ten in Africa, Latin America and the Middle East. Notably, people in the U.S. are more likely than Europeans to say it is a bad day to be about as likely to say it is a typical day.
The Biden administration’s recent announcement that the U.S. will spend $2 trillion to revive the U.S. economy could come at a time when the American economy is struggling. Around six-in-ten Americans (66%) believe the country’s economy is in bad shape, while 31% think the economy is in good shape, according to a Pew Research Center survey.
Among Black Americans, 71% now think the U.S. economy is in bad shape, up from 57% in March 2020. Meanwhile, majorities of white (63%), Hispanic (53%) and Asian (53%) Americans say the economy is in bad shape.
Black Americans are more likely than whites and Asians to see the U.S. as financially dominant, even as majorities in each group see global economic conditions as a major threat. About two-thirds of Black Americans say the U.S. is in bad shape, compared with 45% of whites and 41% of Asians. Black Americans are also more likely than whites and Asians to say global economic conditions are a major threat (65% vs. 54%).
Most Russians do not believe the U.S. government tried to influence the 2016 presidential election. This view is shared by a majority (57%) of Russians aged 18 and older. While only 18% of Russians believe the Russian government tried to influence the election, this is 19 percentage points higher than the 18 percentage point share held by Russians in 2016. (For reference, just 14% of Americans believed that the 2016 Russian government had tried to influence the election.)
In terms of intensity of interest, the public tracked exorbitantly high levels of economic news very closely, with 27% of the public following economic news very closely and 25% saying that economic news was the story they followed most closely. In terms of news coverage, 15% of the public say the economy was the story they followed most closely, and 23% say the Obama transition was their most closely followed story.
Public interest in the economy and the presidential transition is up slightly from last month. In fact, in November 2009, the economic crisis was the story that received the most media coverage. In the current survey, 15% say the economy was the story they followed most closely in the past month, up from 13% in October. In early October, 21% said the economy was the top story. Interest in economic news has remained relatively stable over the past year.
Modi’s popularity extends to all groups. Elderly Indians Norwegians and Indonesians rate Modi favorably. Men hold him much more positively than women than do women; 72% of Indian women hold him in a very or fairly good light, compared with 59% who say the same about men.
Americans also overwhelmingly support the importance of a mix of people from different racial and ethnic groups in deciding where to live: 87% also think it is important while just 12% think it is not. But conservatives overwhelmingly rate it as more important: The GOP eight-point majority affiches unequivocal support for a mixed community, ranging from 26% of consistently conservative Republicans to 39% of mostly conservative Republicans. Those with more liberal views, meanwhile, lag behind: Just 59% back a community with mixed racial and ethnic backgrounds.
On President Obama’s decision to delay troop withdrawal from Afghanistan, 58% approve of his plan and just 39% disapprove. The American public’s overwhelming majority continues to support delaying U.S. forces’ withdrawal from Afghanistan until after the Afghan elections in 2014.
Seven-in-ten Americans sympathize more with Israel (73%) than with the Palestinians (17%); for the first time, Democrats sympathize with the Israelis more (44%) than the reverse (44%). Yet Republicans have become less supportive of Israel in recent years.
The Pew Research survey asked separately about partisanship in sympathies with the Palestinians and Israelis. Nearly six-in-ten Americans say they sympathize more with Israel (29%) while 21% express no partisan affiliation; 14% express sympathy toward the Palestinians.
Nearly half (44%) say they followed news about the economy very closely; 22% say this was the news they followed most closely.
The public was less engaged by the presidential campaign than they were by the economic troubles, but still three-in-ten (32%) followed campaign news very closely and for just 12% this was the story they followed most closely.
Americans also generally believe the internet has been a greater good for them personally than for society. About nine-in-ten Americans (90%) say the internet has mostly been a good thing for them, compared with 21% who believe it has been a bad thing.
<loc0158> than being frustrated or angry with the federal government.
For the first time since Pew Research Center began measuring this question in 2009, Americans are more likely to say they are frustrated than angry with the federal government.
In other news, the public continued to closely follow two stories. More than a quarter (24%) followed the Obama presidential transition — reportage on the Obama-McAllister meeting topped most other stories. Nearly four-in-ten (37%) followed reports about the devastating wildfires that struck California last week.
Republicans are more than willing to make sacrifices to avoid a budget deficit. Among those surveyed, roughly six-in-ten (63%) say they would take steps to avoid cuts to Social Security benefits or to future cuts. Roughly six-in-ten among older generations also favor steps to avoid tax increases on Social Security workers and employers and on social security benefits. However, roughly three-in-ten (32%) Americans say that the GOP should avoid any tax increases for social security workers and employers.
broadly similar shares of Americans and Germans mention climate change as a major threat. About half of Americans (51%) and Germans (53%) point to climate change as a major threat to their country.
A similar share of Americans and Germans mention cyberattacks from other countries as a major threat. Seven-in-ten Germans (74%) and seven-in-ten Americans (74%) cite this as a major threat.
As we continue to add to the cellphone survey, the age profile of the landline sample is improving. As of 2015, 9% of the landline sample had a cell phone, down from 31% in 2008. The age profile of the landline sample also improved, with 21% of the landline sample ages 30 to 49 having a cellphone, up from 33% in 2008.
The age profile of the landline sample has improved as the cellphone sample has begun to fill in for those who do not answer the cellphone survey. As of 2015, 41% of the landline sample was ages 65 or older, up from 26% in 2008. Among those ages 50 to 64, the share increased from 33% in 2008 to 31% in 2015.
After decades of economic growth, Americans increasingly see challenges in their relationship with China. After a year in office, President Xi has yet to make major progress on these issues. After a decade of economic growth, the American public sees a variety of challenges in their relationship with China. A Pew Research Center survey conducted in spring 2015 shows majorities (87%) saying the amount of debt held by China is a very or somewhat serious problem. After a decade of economic growth, the public also sees the loss of U.S. jobs to China (89% very or somewhat serious). Americans also see China’s policies on human rights (85%), the U.S. trade deficit with China (86%), China’s impact on the global environment (85%), and tensions between China and Taiwan (48%).
Mean ratings of the two parties currently hover near the 60% mark, but the gap between the two parties is 30 percentage points, and the Democratic Party’s favorability rating is 34 points higher than that of the Republican Party. The GOP’s favorability rating is up 10 points since January, while the Democratic Party’s favorability rating is down 10 points.
News about the death of Trayvon Martin, a 16-year-old black teenager who was killed by a white police officer in Florida on March 15, topped the public’s interest measuring reading tidying over other stories. Three-in-ten Americans say they followed news about the death of Martin most closely; 25% say they followed the election campaign most closely. News about the Martin shooting accounted for 10% of the newshole covered by the Pew Research Center’s Project for Excellence in Journalism.
German public opinion has changed dramatically since Angela Merkel took office in Berlin in 2001. Then, Germans were skeptical of the European project and opposed to concluding international trade deals with other countries. But since then, Germany has joined the European Union and Merkel has been able to secure European backing for a new federal constitution. Public opinion has changed dramatically since then, too. Pew Research Center recent survey finds Germans agreeing for their country to negotiate trade deals with other countries by a margin of 65% to 28%. Only about three-in-ten (28%) disagree.
Additionally, Indians have more confidence in the United States than do they do in Pakistan and Pakistanis. Only 17% of Indians have no confidence in U.S. President Obama to act correctly regarding world affairs, wherea 80% of Indians have confidence in him. In Pakistan, meanwhile, 9% are confident of Obama’s intentions, while 64% are not. (Note: Indians have a better opinion of the U.S. on attitudes such as democracy, the environment and gender equality.)
For example, among foreign born 19% most often use “foreign born.” This is lower than the shares most likely to identify as Hispanic or as Hispanic of Latino origin. For Hispanic adults, 47%<loc0352> out to identify with just “hispanics” and 39% say for “Americans.”
The patterns found among immigrants vary across generations. For example, for immigrants in the third or higher generation, 33% say for identifying as a third or higher generation they most often use “third or higher generation.” This is higher than the shares for the second and first generations.
The survey, conducted Jan. 10-15 among 2,000 adults by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press upon the launch of Trump’s presidential campaign, finds that 75% of Americans – and four-in-ten Trump supporters (55%) – say securing education is a top priority for the president and Congress. The environment is also widely viewed as a top issue: 67% of the public and roughly nine-in-ten Trump supporters (89%) say protecting the environment is a top priority.
College education also varies widely within the Asian population. Fully 49% of Asians, including mixed-race groups, have a bachelor’s degree or more education through college or higher, compared with 42% of the population as a whole. Among Japanese, 53% have a bachelor’s degree or more, compared with 34% of the population. Filipinos, by contrast, are the least educated of the Asian groups considered in this analysis, lagging the U.S. average. Roughly half of Vietnamese (51%) and Chinese (51%) have a bachelor’s degree or more education.
The first cabinet secretary was John Sherman, who served in the first Congress in 1841. The last cabinet secretary was Edsel Ford, who served in the Nixon administration from 1973 to 1977. No cabinet secretary has served for more than 10 years.
A plurality of the public continues to express favorable views of several federal agencies. The Civil Service Reform Commission (CSC), headed by former CIA director David Petraeus, is the agency with the most favorability, with 54% sending it to. The Postal Service and the FBI also receive the thumbs up from a sizable majorities of the public (86% and 69%, respectively). Another 76% also voice favorable opinions of the FBI.
The Federal Reserve Bank has a favorable public, with about a third (33%) saying they have a favorable view of it.
Disagreement appears more widespread about the Department of Education. Roughly a third (34%) view ecru favorably, while 43% view it unfavorably.
In Europe, young people tend to place China in the top spot in a list of economic powers in which they have heard. Roughly seven-in-ten or more young people in Europe volunteer which economy they think is the world’s leading economic power. Fewer people volunteer China. But when people must choose, the most commonly cited country is China, followed by the United States. Swede and Japanese youth most often volunteer China, though the preferred answer is the U.S. Swede pessimistically expresses that view, however, since just 39 volunteers say China is the world’s leading economy. Swede youth volunteer China most often in Germany, France, Australia, Italy and the Netherlands.
News about the economy leading up to the presidential campaign topped Americans’ news interest in a story arc that included the debate over how to deal with the nation’s economic troubles. Three-in-ten (31%) took this story to be the biggest story of week one; roughly four-in-ten (44%) said they followed this story only vaguley or following it closely. About one-in-ten (12%) cited this story as the story that mattered most to them.
News about the economy and the deficit topped Americans’ coverage of the previous week. Roughly a third (34%) said they followed this news most closely or followed it very closely. Jobs and the debate over how to deal with the deficit received considerably more coverage than any other story.
Public attention to the presidential campaign started to grow as the campaign became more focused. Last week, 11% of Americans said the campaign was the story they followed most closely or followed it very closely. By week’s end, 11% followed this news very closely and 9% said this was the story they followed most closely.
Broadband penetration rates in rural India are lagging those in urban and suburban areas. As of 2007, rural Indians were only 12 percentage points behind urban Indians in broadband access. Rural Indians were also lagging behind suburban Indians, but at a much smaller rate.
Veterans are more likely than non-veterans to be employed in the prime working years of August, when they are in their prime to re-enter the labor force, or re-enter the labor force full time. Prime working years are defined as those months from January to August in each year, which means they are defined as those months from January to August in the year immediately following the month of transition from active duty. Prime working years are the months immediately following the month of transition from active duty.
Overall, Pew Research Center surveys of online dating users show that 71% of online dating users find it very common for people to lie about themselves to appear more desirable, and 50% find it very common for people to set up fake accounts in order to scam others. Roughly four-in-ten (48%) online daters find it very common for people receiving sexually explicit messages or images to attempt to ask them out. And 28% say it is very common for people being harassed or bullied to appear more desirable.
The Pew Election Bulletin Poll and Gallup’s exit poll are both widely used tools by the press and the public to gauge election results. They are both based on telephone surveys, although the Pew poll is based on a more representative sample than Gallup’s exit poll. The Pew exit poll is conducted by telephone, and the Pew Election Bulletin Poll is based on newspaper and newspaper web exit polls. Exit polls are generally considered to be more accurate than exit polls conducted by telephone. Exit polls are generally more accurate than exit polls conducted by telephone because they are based on a larger sample of voters, they are based on a larger number of voters who are more likely to have been reached by exit polls, and exit polls are generally more likely to be available for public viewing. Exit polls are generally available for public viewing within a few days of the election.
About 7 million U.S. adults (2.8%) are multiracial according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in 2015. Multiracial people are those who identify with two or more races in their own family. Multiracial adults could be counted as multiracial because they indicated that at least one of their grandparents indicated a multiracial background based on at least one of their biological parents and at least one of their grandparents indicated a multiracial background based on at least one of their biological parents but did not indicate a third (or fourth) grandfather or grandmother in their family.
About one-in-ten adults could be counted as multiracial because they selected two or more races to describe their own family. These adults indicated that at least one of their biological parents indicated a multiracial background based on at least one of their grandparents but indicated two or more races for themselves. These adults also could be counted as multiracial because they indicated that at least one of their biological parents indicated a multiracial background based on third or fourth grandparents but indicated three or four races for themselves.
In the survey, people were tested on their knowledge of a variety of pictures, maps, graphs and symbols, and many were able to identify several correctly. The most common correct answer was the star of David, although respondents could also have answered the Twitter logo, a U.S. map highlighting the states Obama won in 2012, a photo of John Boehner, the speaker of the House, and a photo of Chris Christie, the New Jersey governor. The latter photo was not part of the set of four pictures tested in the survey.
The knowledge of some of the test subjects was more advanced, however. About six-in-ten could identify a star of David as a symbol associated with Judaism, and two-thirds could identify the Twitter logo. About two-thirds also could identify a U.S. map highlighting the states Obama won in 2012. About half of respondents could identify the graph of the unemployment rate as a symbol of the economy. About half also could identify the flag of China, although that was not part of the set of four tested in the survey. About half could identify the state Washington as a state that legalized gay marriage. About half could identify the flag of China, although that was
The public is divided about the impact of government aid to the poor: 44% say government aid to the poor does more good than it does more harm, while 49% say it does more harm than it does good to the poor.
To gauge the labor market’s health, BLS uses two measures: unemployment and underemployment. The unemployment rate is calculated by dividing the official unemployment rate (calculated by subtracting the labor force from the unemployment rate) by the labor force. Underemployment, meanwhile, includes workers who are “marginally attached” to the labor force (those who are “marginally attached” to the labor market include those who are marginally attached to the labor market: those who are marginally attached to the labor market include those who are marginally attached to the labor market, and those who are marginally attached to the labor market, and so on).
More than three-in-ten (33%) say they followed news about the Gulf Coast oil spill more closely than any other story. For most, oil leaks were the top story last week. According to 60 minutes, the show was the top show on cable news. Meanwhile, 20% say they followed news about the immigration law most closely, while 16% say this was the story they followed most closely.
News coverage of the Gulf Coast oil spill last week largely focused on the response to the spill and the damage it has caused to the environment. According to a report by the Pew Research Center’s Project for Excellence in Journalism (PEJ), the oil leak was the top news story for 33% of the public. The second most closely followed story was the immigration law debate (2%) and the economy (1%).
Coverage of the Gulf Coast oil leak and the aftermath of the spill made up 20% of the national newshole last week according to PEJ. According to a separate PEJ analysis, coverage of the spill accounted for 15% of the national newshole.
Americans are also less enthusiastic about the impact of global trade. A median of 53% across 14 countries say growing trade and business ties with other countries are very or somewhat good for the United States, compared with 76% among Americans in 2007.
A majority of Americans express favorable views of the United Nations’ organization at least some of the time. Today, 62% say they have a favorable view of the UN or have somewhat favorable knowledge of its work. In contrast, 31% see unfavorable views.
As recently as 2014, majorities had unfavorable views. But Republicans remain less positive than Democrats on this question. Currently, 61% of Republicans express unfavorable favorability views, while 44% of Democrats say this.
In the 2016 election, 53% of college graduates who supported Clinton and 42% of Trump voters were college graduates. Graduates were also a bigger share of Democratic voters than of college graduates in 2016. Overall, about 90% of Democrats, including 54% of college graduates, were college graduates.
Yet while Republicans ages 18-29 stand out among the partisan age groups in disapproving of this approach, Democrats ages 18-29 are also among the most likely to say it would be acceptable for another country to become as militarily powerful as the U.S. their own. About half of Democrats in this age cohort (49%) say this would be acceptable, while just 14% of Republicans under this age say the same.
Democrats ages 18-29 (61%) stand out among the partisan age groups in disapproving of U.S. policies being copied by other countries, compared with 51% of Republicans ages 18-29. This 19 percentage point gap in views between the two parties is not statistically significant, but it is noteworthy given the gap in views among older Republicans.
In Pew Research Center surveys, attitudes about political wisdom tend to track together over time. Currently, about three-in-ten Americans (37%) say they have very or fairly good confidence in political wisdom in this country, down from 56% in 2012. Republicans and Democrats express similar levels of confidence.
Canadians’ views of the U.S. have been generally positive for most of the past decade. Today, 68% of Canadians have a favorable view of the U.S.; 26% view the U.S. negatively.
Canada’s positive ratings of the U.S. have remained despite a shift in opinion among the U.S. itself. From 2002 through 2005, roughly seven-in-ten Canadians (68%) voiced a favorable opinion of the U.S.; in 2006 just 27% said this. In 2009, when the U.S. was embroiled in the financial crisis, only 34% of Canadians voiced a favorable view of America.
The Pew Center for the People & the Press conducted its latest Internet Quick Take survey on May 18-24, 2008. Pew Research Center surveys are based on a sample of more than 1,000 U.S. adults each day. Our latest data analysis focuses on the Pew Research Center’s current Top Ten list of the things Americans know for sure about Washington.
The list opens with the talk show host set to be Obama’s new host this evening. Eight-in-ten Americans (79%) say they know that Rachel Hunter, the talk show host set to take over tonight from anchor Piers Morgan, is the show’s host. Americans also know that the Democratic Party holds a majority of seats in the House (70%), and that Condoleezza Rice is Obama’s secretary of state (70%).
The Pew Research National Survey of American Education, which was conducted in the fall of 2007, also finds that Americans can match up the names of the presidential candidates to the party they belong to. Seventy percent know that Hugo Chavez is Venezuela’s president, and 59% know that the Sunni branches of Islam are the dominant branches in Iraq.
A majority of Americans say they are hearing mixed news about the economy, the latest survey finds. The public’s views about economic news have changed little in recent months.
Currently, 60% say they are hearing mixed news about the economy, while 31% say they are hearing mostly bad news and 2% say they are hearing mostly good news, according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted Dec. 12-19 among 503 adults. In December 2011, roughly seven-in-ten (67%) said the news was mixed.
Home is where the economy is. Serbians (19%) are among the least optimistic people at odds with a more upbeat view in France (20%), but people in both countries still believe things are at least somewhat good. Majorities in Spain (29%), Greece (28%) and Italy (27%) believe things are going well economically in their countries.
At the other end of the spectrum, people in Venezuela and Peru are among the most pessimistic. Only 14% in Venezuela believe their economy is doing well, and a similar share in Peru believes things are bad (19%); 44% at least somewhat disagree.
The unemployment rate has remained at 3.8% since the beginning of the Great Recession, but job growth has been sluggish. In the first quarter of 2014, the economy added 3.2 million jobs, but the unemployment rate remained unchanged at 3.8%.
In Pew Research Center’s March 2007 survey, about three-quarters of Republican voters (73%) gave a lot of thought to Obama, compared with 65% of Democrats. In Pew Research Center’s March 2011 survey, about seven-in-ten Republican voters (72%) said they had given a lot of thought to their party’s candidate, and only 60% of Democrats said the same. In March 2015, reflecting the growing partisan divide, just 56% of Republican voters said they had given a lot of thought to Obama, while 68% of Democrats did.
Opposition to government regulation extends across most dimensions of American life. In the 1937 depic survey, majorities said they should oppose limits on child labor and misleading food and drug advertising. An additional 26% said they should be allowed to be sold by door-to-door salespersons.
Student loan delinquencies have increased dramatically since 2009, the first year interest rates were charged to students for their education. The delinquency rate for credit card debt has also increased since 2009, while the delinquency rate for mortgages and auto loans has fallen, according to Federal Reserve Bank of New York data.
Ted Cruz’s public image, already quite favorable, has risen in recent weeks among partisans. Currently, 53% have a favorable impression of him, up from 43% who expressed this view in the final Republican presidential debate. His popularity among Republicans has increased by 10 points since mid-July, and is up by nine points since the start of the year.
Meanwhile, Cruz’s popularity with members of other groups of the public has declined. Just 25% of Americans overall express a favorable opinion of Cruz, far lower than the 58% who expressed this view in the final debate and close to his popularity earlier this year.
Another controversial foreign policy action undertaken by the Obama administration earlier this year was the decision to impose tougher economic sanctions on Russia. Americans are divided on this issue: 60% favor increasing the number of economic sanctions against Russia, while 34% oppose this.
Army officials have been debating whether to send troops to Mexico to help police a major drug trafficking corridor in Central America. A Pew Research Center survey conducted Jan. 20-30 finds that 80% support the U.S. military sending troops to Mexico to help police drug trafficking routes. Only 12% are opposed, with just 3% undecided. The Pew Research Center’s Social & Political Survey has been asking the public about the issue since 2007.
The tsunami and consequent aftermath topped the public’s interest. About half (57%) said they followed news about the earthquake and tsunami in Japan very closely and nearly as many said the same about the same disaster occurring in China (54%). The Japanese disaster also received more attention than any other story aside of the economic crisis.
The second most closely followed story was the recent air strikes on Gaddafi’s Libya regime. Three-in-ten said they followed this story very closely, and roughly four-in-ten said it followed this story more closely than any other news excepting the economic crisis. Resources to stop the war in Iraq continued to be limited, however, and only 37% of Americans said they were paying very close attention to the situation in Iraq.
The public also followed the economic crisis very closely. Roughly three-in-ten (36%) said they followed this story very closely. The economic crisis was the second-most closely followed story, after news about the air strikes in Libya.
A new Pew Research Center survey finds that 91% of U.S. adults with family incomes of $75,000 or more still get news on a mobile device, compared with 87% of those with household incomes of $30,000 to $74,999, and 82% of those with incomes of $30,000 or less.
Overwhelming majorities have little confidence in Putin to do the right thing related to world affairs. A median of 79% have little or no confidence in Putin to do the right thing in foreign affairs in 35 countries polled by the Pew Research Center’s Global Attitudes Project in 2010. In 10 countries, confidence in the Russian president is modest to high. In only one nation, Venezuela, confidence in Putin is not modest. In Venezuela, 65% have little or no confidence in Putin to do the right thing in foreign affairs. Confidence in Putin is also low in Venezuela, but confidence is not as high as in Venezuela. Confidence in Putin is also low in the Philippines, where only 35% have confidence.
The Five Star Movement’s right-wing party family receives an unfavorable rating in eight of the nine Western European countries Pew Research surveyed. Five Star supporters overwhelmingly voice negative opinions about their party. Positive ratings overwhelmingly come from Germany, Spain, and Poland. (See Appendix A for details.)
Among Western populist parties, the French populist party Les Verts (“Left Greens”) receives the highest favorability ratings in France, where roughly eight-in-ten French adults have a favorable opinion of their party. Roughly half or more of the public holds a favorable view of Five Star and other populist parties. (See Appendix B for details.)
President Obama’s lack of public confidence on dealing with the deficit is not shared by House and Senate leaders. While a 40% majority says that House Speaker John House is the chief executive on dealing with the deficit, just 7% of Republicans view House that way. In the Senate, the views are little different: 31% of Republicans say Senate Majority Leader McConnell is not credible on dealing with the deficit, while 20% confidence.
Obama’s lack of public confidence on the deficit is a problem for his administration. About a third of Americans (33%) say that when it comes to dealing with the deficit, the confidence that Obama has to do the right thing is limited; 21% have none too much confidence in the president.
A new Pew Research Center poll finds that Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has a low favorability rating in six Middle Eastern countries. Among them is Israel, where just 16% approve of his job performance. Erdogan’s favorability levels have fallen sharply since 2013, when they stood at 57%. In 2013, the Turkish leader was more popular in six Middle Eastern countries than then-Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu (67% favorable).
The declines in Erdogan’s popularity are particularly pronounced in Jordan and the Palestinian territories, where a 60% majority have a negative view of the Turkish leader. Erdogan’s favorability has fallen by 12 percentage points in Jordan and 15 points in the Palestinian territories since 2013.
Pew Research has been tracking the growth of world religions since 2000, and our data show that India is home to the world’s largest religious group. According to our population projections, India will have 1.6 billion Hindus by 2050, more than twice the number of Muslims (331 million). Christianity will have 37 million Christians, a third the number of Hindus. The rest of the world’s population growth is expected to come from Muslims and Hindus alike.
Public attitudes toward the American president have remained relatively stable over the past year, even as shortages of jobs continue to take a toll on the economy. Currently, 59% approve of the job performance of U.S. President Bush, including 55% who approve by working adults and 44% who approve by middle class workers. These ratings are little changed from September, when about half of Americans (56%) said they approved of the president’s job performance and nearly as many (51%) said they disapproved. President Bush’s approval ratings have remained relatively stable despite a decline in approval ratings among working adults since September, when the economy was still recovering from the Great Recession.
For example, Americans backed more restrictive goals for immigrants before 2016. Around six-in-ten (73%) said it was somewhat or very important to take in refugees escaping violence and war, while fewer (48%) said this was a necessary immigration policy goal. But since then, Republicans – especially those who are conservative – have become more supportive of immigration. Republicans and Democrats now are about on the same page now on the “it’s very” statement that it is important to take in refugees escaping violence and war.
Similarly, the Pew Research Center has been tracking attitudes about the presidential campaign monthly since the spring of 1992. The data from the monthly survey has consistently shown that the public’s negative perception of the presidential campaign has increased significantly since the start of the year. Currently, 41% of the public offers too negative a description of the campaign’s public image; just 28% offer no negative view. This is the highest positive ratings for the campaign shenanigan the Pew Research Center has been tracking since 1992.
Similarly, the Pew has also been measuring public attitudes about the media since the spring of 1992. Currently, 55% of Americans offer a negative description of the media’s image; only 26% offer no negative view. This is the lowest positive rating the Pew has recorded for the media since the spring of 1992.
The Pew Research Center survey of 2,013 U.S. adults conducted Dec. 3-5, 2013, found that while the majority of Americans celebrate Christmas, the Silent Generation (born before 1920) is the most likely to do so.
Americans’ views about the potential severity of the coronavirus vary by age and income group. Older Americans are less concerned than younger Americans about the potential severity of the coronavirus. Among Americans ages 18-29, 59% say they are concerned that their family’s income from earnings and adjusted for differences in purchasing power will be enough to offset the costs of contracting the coronavirus; 29% say they are uncomfortable about the potential costs. Among older Americans, just 44% are at least a little concerned about the potential costs of the coronavirus.
Americans ages 18-29 are also less concerned about the potential contagion of the coronavirus than Americans 65 and older. Roughly three-quarters (75%) of those ages 18-29 say they are uncomfortable about the potential contagion of the coronavirus; 27% are not. In comparison, 47% of those ages 65 and older say they are uncomfortable about the potential contagion of the coronavirus; 53% are not.
Median household income for Asian households has risen the most, rising 17% from $56,921 in 2011 to $68,521. By contrast, the incomes of both Hispanic and black households have fallen, according to the Census Bureau. Median income for Hispanic households declined 11% from $49,007 in 2011 to $40,007. Median income for black households dropped 10% from $44,000 in 2011 to $39,760.
Food waste generated per person per day varies widely by state, but in 2017 the average was 0.69 pounds per person per day, according to EPA data analyzed by Pew Research Center. That compares with 0.37 pounds per person per day in 1980, the first year for which EPA data are available.
Voter turnout among older Americans has been higher than younger Americans for many years. Today, 71.9% of voters ages 65 and older, compared with 41.2% of those younger than 18, according to the 2012 American Community Survey, a collection of demographic information from more than 1.8 million households. (The survey was conducted in the midst of the presidential campaign, and thus turnout may not be as high as it will be on Election Day.)
What is the most common choice? This survey was fielded in October and November of 2019, ahead of the United States presidential election, and before the coronavirus outbreak. Americans are relatively divided over China’s economic power. Roughly a quarter say it is the world’s leading economy’s power (27%), while a plurality (41%) name China as the most common choice. Chinese, like Americans, are more concerned about China’s growing military power than the economic threat it poses to the U.S.
Chinese and Japanese, on the other hand, are far more certain to name the U.S. as the world’s leading economic power. Chinese are far more confident than Japanese are that China is the world’s leading economy (55% vs. 12%). Japanese are more confident than Chinese that the U.S. is the world’s leading economic power (42% vs. 14%).
The Pew Research Center survey of 28 political topics conducted April 5-11-2017 among 3,347 adults, reveals a striking partisan divide when it comes to terrorism. The Democratic Party has a stronger advantage than the Republican Party when it comes to opinions about terrorism, with the former Democratic nominee candidate Hillary Clinton leading Republican candidate Donald Trump in the question “To what extent, if at all, would the Republican Party deal with the issue of terrorism more effectively than the Democratic Party?” (51% vs. 43%, respectively).
Democratic support for conducting all elections by mail has risen 47 points in the past year, with the largest increase occurring among members and non-members of the Democratic Party. Five-in-eight Democratic and Democratic-leaning Americans favor conducting all elections through the mail, up from about half (52%) who said so last measured in 2018.
Among the rising majorities of Democrats supporting election by mail, 63% support the proposal among those with a higher income and education, and among Democrats with a higher education level who support a Democratic candidate.
Kenyan pessimistically divide into the dark over the future of the country; however, frustrations with the state of the economy are much less burdensome. Fully 60% of Kenyans express satisfaction with the state of the nation, more than twice the percentage who expressed satisfaction in 2002 (26%). Similarly, 72% say they are in good economic shape, compared with 30% who believe they are doing well back in 2002.
A Facebook news outlet’s audience reactions to U.S. news stories from other outlets after the 2016 presidential election peaked in the form of “angry” reactions, according to Pew Research Center’s Political Profiling tool. A separate Pew Research Center analysis of Facebook postings by members of Congress, made up of nearly 1,000 links, shows that reactions to news stories from other outlets on Facebook’s News Feed tended to be more angry in nature than not.
Americans’ views toward the role of immigrants in the country are more positive than negative. Nearly half of Americans (47%) see immigrants as a “burden” to the country, while 62% say they “shed a lot of jobs in their hard working countries.” On the other hand, a 63% majority says that keeping immigrants here and abroad in a “significant immigration barrier” makes it difficult for women to get and keep jobs.
Americans’ views toward the changing nature of the country’s racial and ethnic landscape are more positive than negative, as well. While majorities say the change of race and ethnicity makes the country a better place (59%), a similar majority (56%) holds that keeping immigrants in a “bandera” that makes taking jobs in their hard working countries a “significant immigration barrier” for women to get and keep jobs.
In contrast, in early December, news about the Pennsylvania state scandal and the deadly shootings at the Virginia Tech University campus topped the public’s news interest measure what the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press calls the “news landscape.” News about the 2012 presidential campaign accounted for 24% of the public’s attention, more than twice the amount of coverage devoted to the scandal (8%). News about the economy made up 13% of the newshole, more than twice the amount of coverage devoted to the economy.
